The honorable lady of the house, which is she?Speak to me. I shall answer for her. Your will?Most radiant, exquisite and unmatchable beauty—I pray
you, tell me if this be the lady of the house, for I never saw
her. I would be loath to cast away my speech, for besides
that it is excellently well penned, I have taken great pains to
con it. Good beauties, let me sustain no scorn. I am very
comptible, even to the least sinister usage.
Whence came you, sir?I can say little more than I have studied, and that question’s
out of my part. Good gentle one, give me modest assurance
if you be the lady of the house, that I may proceed in my
speech.
Are you a comedian?No, my profound heart. And yet, by the very fangs of
malice I swear, I am not that I play. Are you the lady of the
house?
If I do not usurp myself, I am.Most certain, if you are she, you do usurp yourself, for what
is yours to bestow is not yours to reserve. But this is from
my commission. I will on with my speech in your praise and
then show you the heart of my message.
#LBSFORGOLDWhich one of you is the lady of the house?You can speak to me. I represent her. What do you want?What stunning, exquisite, and unmatchable beauty—but please, tell me if you’re the lady of the house, because I’ve never seen her. I’d hate to waste my speech on the wrong person, because It’s very well written and I spent a lot of time and energy memorizing it. Beautiful ladies, please don’t treat me badly. I’m very sensitive, and even the smallest bit of rudeness hurts my feelings.Where do you come from, sir?I’m sorry, but I memorized what I’m supposed to say here today, and that question isn’t part of the speech I learned. Please, my lady, just confirm that you’re the lady of the house so I can get on with my speech.Are you an actor?No, madam. But I swear I’m not the person I’m playing. Are you the lady of the house?I am, unless I somehow stole this role.If you’re the lady of the house, then it’s true you’re stealing your role, because what’s yours to give away is not yours to keep for yourself. But that’s not part of what I’m supposed to say. I’ll go on with my speech praising you, and then I’ll get to the point.