Let me speak a little. This youth that you see hereI snatched one half out of the jaws of death,Relieved him with such sanctity of love,And to his image, which methought did promiseMost venerable worth, did I devotion.What’s that to us? The time goes by. Away!But oh, how vile an idol proves this god!Thou hast, Sebastian, done good feature shame.In nature there’s no blemish but the mind.None can be called deformed but the unkind.Virtue is beauty, but the beauteous evilAre empty trunks o'erflourished by the devil.The man grows mad. Away with him. Come, come, sir.Lead me on.Methinks his words do from such passion fly,That he believes himself. So do not I.Prove true, imagination, oh, prove true,That I, dear brother, be now ta'en for you!Come hither, knight. Come hither, Fabian. We’ll whisper
o'er a couplet or two of most sage saws.
He named Sebastian. I my brother knowYet living in my glass. Even such and soIn favor was my brother, and he went#LBSFORGOLDNo, I’ve got something to say. I saved this young man’s life when he was half-dead, and nursed him back to health lovingly and tenderly. I devoted myself to him, since he looked noble and good.Why should we care? Time’s passing. Let’s go!But oh, what a deceiver he turned out to be! You don’t live up to your good looks, Sebastian. You look good but you’re bad on the inside, where it counts, since the only real flaws in nature are in a person’s mind and soul. Only really cruel people can be called deformed. Virtue is beauty, but someone beautiful and wicked is like an empty box decorated by the devil.The man’s going crazy. Take him away. Come on, sir. Come on.Take me.He was so angry I feel he must really believe what he was saying. I don’t believe it. Yet I wish I could. Oh, please be true, please let it be that this man has mistaken me for you, my dear brother!Come here, Sir Andrew. You too, Fabian. We’ve got some words of wisdom to mull over.He called me Sebastian. I know my brother’s still alive in a sense, since I see him whenever I look in the mirror. My brother looked like me, and he dressed the same way that I’m dressed now—in the same colors,