I am no fee’d post, lady. Keep your purse.My master, not myself, lacks recompense.Love make his heart of flint that you shall love,And let your fervor, like my master’s, bePlaced in contempt. Farewell, fair cruelty.“What is your parentage?”“Above my fortunes, yet my state is well.I am a gentleman.” I’ll be sworn thou art;Thy tongue, thy face, thy limbs, actions, and spirit,Do give thee fivefold blazon. Not too fast! Soft, soft!Unless the master were the man. How now?Even so quickly may one catch the plague?Methinks I feel this youth’s perfectionsWith an invisible and subtle stealthTo creep in at mine eyes. Well, let it be.—What ho, Malvolio!   Here, madam, at your service.Run after that same peevish messenger,The county’s man. He left this ring behind him,Would I or not. Tell him I’ll none of it.OLIVIA hands him a ring
Desire him not to flatter with his lord,Nor hold him up with hopes. I am not for him.If that the youth will come this way tomorrow,I’ll give him reasons for ’t. Hie thee, Malvolio.#LBSFORGOLDI’m not a paid messenger, my lady. Keep your money. It’s my master who’s not getting the reward he deserves, not me. I hope you fall in love with a man whose heart is hard as a rock and who treats your love like a big joke, just like you’ve done. Goodbye, you beautiful, cruel woman.“Who are your parents?” “I was born to a higher position than I’ve got now. But I’m still fairly high-ranking. I’m a gentleman.” Yes, I’m sure you are. Your way of talking, your face, your body, your behavior, and your sensitive soul all prove you’re a gentleman. Ah, no. Calm down, calm down. If only his lord were more like him. How strange I’m feeling! Can someone fall in love this quickly? I can feel this young man’s perfection creeping in through my eyes like some kind of disease, slowly and invisibly. Oh, well.—Malvolio! Come here!At your service, madam.Run after that obnoxious messenger, the duke’s servant. He insisted on leaving this ring with me whether I wanted it or not. Tell him I want nothing to do with it. (she hands him a ring) Ask him not to encourage Orsino or to get his hopes up. I’m not for him. If that young man comes here again tomorrow, I’ll tell him why. Hurry, Malvolio.