has no more brain than a stone. Look you now, he’s out of
his guard already. Unless you laugh and minister occasion
to him, he is gagged. I protest I take these wise men that
crow so at these set kind of fools no better than the fools'
zanies.
Oh, you are sick of self-love, Malvolio, and taste with a
distempered appetite. To be generous, guiltless, and of free
disposition is to take those things for bird-bolts that you
deem cannon-bullets. There is no slander in an allowed
fool, though he do nothing but rail. Nor no railing in a
known discreet man, though he do nothing but reprove.
Now Mercury endue thee with leasing, for thou speakest
well of fools!
Madam, there is at the gate a young gentleman much
desires to speak with you.
From the Count Orsino, is it?I know not, madam. 'Tis a fair young man, and well
attended.
Who of my people hold him in delay?Sir Toby, madam, your kinsman.Fetch him off, I pray you. He speaks nothing but madman.Fie on him!#LBSFORGOLDbattle of wits by an ordinary jester with no more brains than a rock. Look at him, he’s at a loss for words already. Unless he’s got somebody laughing at him, he can’t think of anything to say. I swear, anyone smart who laughs at these courts jesters is nothing but a jester’s apprentice.Malvolio, your vanity is damaging your good taste. If you were generous, innocent, and good-natured, you wouldn’t get so upset by what the fool says. You’d think of his wisecracks as harmless little firecrackers, not hurtful bullets. A court jester isn’t really criticizing people, even if he does nothing but make fun of them all day long. And a wise person doesn’t make fun of people, even if all he does is criticize them.You speak so highly of fools! I hope the god of deception rewards you by making you a wonderful liar.Madam, there’s a young gentleman at the gate who really wants to speak to you.Was he sent by Count Orsino?I don’t know, madam. He’s a good-looking young man, and there are a lot of people with him.Who’s talking to him now?Sir Toby, madam, your relative.Send Toby away, please. He talks nothing but nonsense.