What’s that to the purpose?Why, he has three thousand ducats a year.Ay, but he’ll have but a year in all these ducats. He’s a very
fool and a prodigal.
Fie, that you’ll say so! He plays o' the viol-de-gamboys,
and speaks three or four languages word for word without
book, and hath all the good gifts of nature.
He hath indeed, almost natural, for besides that he’s a fool,
he’s a great quarreler, and but that he hath the gift of a
coward to allay the gust he hath in quarreling, ’tis thought
among the prudent he would quickly have the gift of a grave.
By this hand, they are scoundrels and substractors that say
so of him. Who are they?
They that add, moreover, he’s drunk nightly in your
company.
With drinking healths to my niece. I’ll drink to her as long
as there is a passage in my throat and drink in Illyria. He’s
a coward and a coistrel that will not drink to my niece till his
brains turn o' th' toe like a parish top. What, wench!

								Castiliano vulgo, for here comes Sir Andrew Agueface.
Sir Toby Belch! How now, Sir Toby Belch!Sweet Sir Andrew!#LBSFORGOLDWhat does his height have to do with anything?Why, he has an income of three thousand ducats a year.I bet he’ll spend his whole inheritance in a year. He’s a fool and a spendthrift.You shouldn’t talk about him like that! He plays the violin and speaks three or four languages word for word without a dictionary. He has all of nature’s best gifts.Right—he’s a natural-born idiot. Besides being a fool, he’s argumentative. If he didn’t have the coward’s gift for backing down from a fight, they say he’d be dead by now.Anyone who says that is a lying piece of garbage. Who said that?The same people who say he gets drunk with you every night.We only drink toasts to my niece. I’ll drink to her as long as there’s a hole in my throat and booze in Illyria. Anyone who refuses to drink to my niece until his brain spins around like a merry-go-round is scum. But speak of the devil, here comes Sir Andrew Agueface.Sir Toby Belch! How are you, Sir Toby Belch?Sweet Sir Andrew!