Foolery, sir, does walk about the orb like the sun. It shines
everywhere. I would be sorry, sir, but the fool should be as
oft with your master as with my mistress: I think I saw your
wisdom there.
Nay, an thou pass upon me, I’ll no more with thee. Hold,
there’s expenses for thee.
Now Jove, in his next commodity of hair, send thee a beard!By my troth, I’ll tell thee, I am almost sick for one, (aside)
though I would not have it grow on my chin. (to fool) Is thy
lady within?
Would not a pair of these have bred, sir?Yes, being kept together and put to use.I would play Lord Pandarus of Phrygia, sir, to bring aCressida to this Troilus.
(giving him money) I understand you, sir. 'Tis well begged.The matter, I hope, is not great, sir, begging but a beggar.
Cressida was a beggar. My lady is within, sir. I will construe
to them whence you come. Who you are and what you
would are out of my welkin, I might say “element,” but the
word is overworn.
#LBSFORGOLDI’m everywhere. Foolishness is all over the world, just like sunshine. I’d be sorry if people thought your master was less familiar with foolishness than my mistress is. I think I saw you there, you wise man.Oh no, if you’re joking around with me, I’m leaving. Wait, here’s a coin for you.Next time God sends out a shipment of hair, I hope he gives you a beard!Oh, I know. Seriously, I’m dying for one, (to herself) I mean, I’m dying for a man who has a beard; I don’t want one to grow on my chin. (to the FOOL) Is Lady Olivia inside?If I had two of these coins, do you think they’d breed more coins?Yes, if you kept them together and invested them.I’d like to be like that famous pimp, Lord Pandarus, and get a Cressida for my TroilusA “Cressida for my Troilus” means “a female coin for my male coin.” Troilus and Cressida were famous lovers, brought together by Cressida’s uncle Pandarus, traditionally regarded as the first pimp.Cressida for my Troilus.
(giving the FOOL money) I get what you’re driving at, sir. You’re a very clever beggar.It shouldn’t be too much to ask; I’m only begging for a beggar. They say Cressida became a beggar in her old age. My lady Olivia’s inside, sir. I’ll tell them where you come from, though I don’t know who you are or what you want. I’d say I was “out of my element,” but that phrase is overused, so I’ll say I’m “out of my air.”