Sweet Sir Toby, be patient for tonight. Since the youth of
the count’s was today with thy lady, she is much out of
quiet. For Monsieur Malvolio, let me alone with him. If I
do not gull him into a nayword and make him a common
recreation, do not think I have wit enough to lie straight in
my bed. I know I can do it.
Possess us, possess us, tell us something of him.Marry, sir, sometimes he is a kind of puritan.O, if I thought that, I’d beat him like a dog!What, for being a puritan? Thy exquisite reason, dear knight?I have no exquisite reason for ’t, but I have reason good enough.The devil a puritan that he is, or anything constantly, but a
time-pleaser; an affectioned ass that cons state without
book and utters it by great swarths; the best persuaded of
himself, so crammed, as he thinks, with excellencies, that it
is his grounds of faith that all that look on him love him.
And on that vice in him will my revenge find notable cause
to work.
What wilt thou do?I will drop in his way some obscure epistles of love, wherein
by the color of his beard, the shape of his leg, the manner
of his gait, the expressure of his eye, forehead, and
complexion,he shall find himself most feelingly personated.
#LBSFORGOLDDear Sir Toby, don’t do anything rash tonight. Ever since the Duke’s messenger visited Olivia, she’s been upset. As for Monsieur Malvolio, let me take care of him. I’ll make a big fool out of him, just trust me. I’ll make him famous for his stupidity. Everyone will laugh at him. I know I can do it.Tell us something about him. Come on, tell us something.Well, sometimes he acts like a goody two shoes.Oh, I’ll beat him up for that!You’re going to beat him up for being good? And what’s your brilliant reason for that, please?I don’t have any “brilliant” reason for it, but I have a good enough reason.He isn’t really that pure and good. He’s just a conceited flatterer. He’s a pretentious guy who aspires to speak and act like nobility. He’s proud, and he thinks he’s so stuffed full of wonderful qualities that everyone loves him. That’s the weakness I’ll use to get revenge on him.What are you going to do?I’ll drop some mysterious love letters in his path. He’ll think they’re addressed to him, because they’ll describe the color of his beard, the shape of his legs, the way he walks, and the expression on his face. I can make my handwriting look just like Lady Olivia’s: she