I’ll stay a month longer. I am a fellow o' th' strangest mind
i' th' world. I delight in masques and revels sometimes
altogether.
Art thou good at these kickshawses, knight?As any man in Illyria, whatsoever he be, under the degree
of my betters. And yet I will not compare with an old man.
What is thy excellence in a galliard, knight?Faith, I can cut a caper.And I can cut the mutton to ’t.And I think I have the back-trick simply as strong as any
man in Illyria.
Wherefore are these things hid? Wherefore have these gifts
a curtain before 'em? Are they like to take dust, like
Mistress Mall’s picture? Why dost thou not go to church in
a galliard and come home in a coranto? My very walk
should be a jig. I would not so much as make water but in
a sink-a-pace. What dost thou mean? Is it a world to hide
virtues in? I did think, by the excellent constitution of thy
leg, it was formed under the star of a galliard.
Ay, ’tis strong, and it does indifferent well in a dun-colored
stock. Shall we set about some revels?
What shall we do else? Were we not born under Taurus?#LBSFORGOLDAll right, I’ll stay another month. Ah, I’m an odd kind of guy. Sometimes all I want to do is see plays and go out dancing.Are you good at those kinds of things?Yes, as good as any man in Illyria, except for the ones who are better at it than I am. I’m not as good as someone who’s been dancing for years.How good are you at those fast dances?Believe me, I can cut a capercut a caper = dancecut a caper.And I can cut some meat to go with your caperscaper = a condimentcapers.And I can do that fancy backward step as well as any man in Illyria.Why do you hide these things? Why do you keep these talents behind a curtain? Are they likely to get dusty? Why don’t you go off to church dancing one way, and come home dancing another way? If I had your talents, I’d be dancing a jig every time I walked down the street. I wouldn’t even pee without dancing a waltz. What are you thinking? Is this the kind of world where we hide our accomplishments? You’re a born dancer. Look how shapely your legs are.That’s true. They’re strong, and they look pretty good in brown tights. Should we throw a little dance party?Why not? Weren’t we both born under Taurus?