Would it be better, madam, than I am?I wish it might, for now I am your fool.
(aside) Oh, what a deal of scorn looks beautifulIn the contempt and anger of his lip!A murderous guilt shows not itself more soonThan love that would seem hid. Love’s night is noon.
(to VIOLA) Cesario, by the roses of the spring,By maidhood, honor, truth, and everything,I love thee so, that, maugre all thy pride,Nor wit nor reason can my passion hide.Do not extort thy reasons from this clause,For that I woo, thou therefore hast no cause,But rather reason thus with reason fetter.Love sought is good, but given unsought better.By innocence I swear, and by my youthI have one heart, one bosom, and one truth,And that no woman has, nor never noneShall mistress be of it, save I alone.And so adieu, good madam. NevermoreWill I my master’s tears to you deplore.Yet come again, for thou perhaps mayst moveThat heart, which now abhors, to like his love.#LBSFORGOLDWould it be better if I were that, instead of what I am? I wish I were something better, because right now I’m a big fool.
(to herself) Oh, how beautiful he is even when he’s angry and full of contempt! A murderer can hide his guilt longer than someone in love can hide her love. Love shines brightly and can’t be hidden. (to VIOLA) Cesario, I swear by the spring roses, by virginity, honor, truth, and everything, I swear I love you. I love you so much that I can’t hide my passion for you, as clever as I am. Don’t assume that because I’m pursuing you there’s no reason to pursue me. Put two and two together and realize that asking for love is good, but getting it without asking is much better.And I swear by my youth and innocence that I’ve only got one heart and one love to give, and that I’ve never given them to a woman and never will. So goodbye, my lady. I won’t ever come to complain about my lord’s love for you again.Then come again for another reason. You might still be able to make yourself fall in love with me, the person he loves, even though you hate me now.