An I thought that, I’d forswear it. I’ll ride home tomorrow,Sir Toby.
Pourquoi, my dear knight?What is “pourquoi”? Do, or not do? I would I had bestowed
that time in the tongues that I have in fencing, dancing, and
bear-baiting. O, had I but followed the arts!
Then hadst thou had an excellent head of hair.Why, would that have mended my hair?Past question, for thou seest it will not curl by nature.But it becomes me well enough, does ’t not?Excellent. It hangs like flax on a distaff. And I hope to see
a housewife take thee between her legs and spin it off.
Faith, I’ll home tomorrow, Sir Toby. Your niece will not be
seen. Or if she be, it’s four to one she’ll none of me. The
count himself here hard by woos her.
She’ll none o' the count. She’ll not match above her degree,
neither in estate, years, nor wit. I have heard her swear ’t.
Tut, there’s life in ’t, man.
#LBSFORGOLDIf I really believed that, I’d give up red meat totally. By the way, I’m going home tomorrow, Sir Toby.
PourquoiPourquoi means “why” in French.Pourquoi, my friend?What does “pourquoi” mean? Does it mean I will or I won’t? Oh, I wish I’d spent as much time learning languages as I spent on fencing, dancing, and bear-baitingBear-baiting, in which a bear was tied to a stake and attacked by dogs, was a popular entertainment in Shakespeare’s time.bear-baiting! If only I’d taken school more seriously!You’d have a great hairstyle if you had.Why, would that have fixed my hair?Oh, no question—it won’t style itself.But my hair looks good anyway, doesn’t it?It looks great. It hangs like an old worn-out mop. Some woman should give you syphilis so you go bald.Listen, I’m going home tomorrow, Sir Toby. Your niece is refusing to see anyone, and even if she saw me, ten to one she’d want nothing to do with me. That duke who lives nearby is courting her.She’s not interested in the duke. She doesn’t want to marry anyone of higher social rank than her, or anyone richer, older, or smarter. I’ve heard her say that. So cheer up, there’s still hope for you, man.