Have you not set mine honor at the stake,And baited it with all the unmuzzled thoughtsThat tyrannous heart can think? To one of your receivingEnough is shown. A cypress, not a bosom,Hides my heart. So, let me hear you speak.I pity you.   That’s a degree to love.No, not a grize. For ’tis a vulgar proofThat very oft we pity enemies.Why then methinks ’tis time to smile again.O world, how apt the poor are to be proud!If one should be a prey, how much the betterTo fall before the lion than the wolf! (clock strikes)The clock upbraids me with the waste of time.Be not afraid, good youth, I will not have you.And yet when wit and youth is come to harvest,Your wife is like to reap a proper man.There lies your way, due west.     Then westward ho!Grace and good disposition attend your ladyship!You’ll nothing, madam, to my lord by me?Stay, I prithee, tell me what thou thinkest of me.That you do think you are not what you are.If I think so, I think the same of you.Then think you right: I am not what I am.I would you were as I would have you be!#LBSFORGOLDHaven’t you totally dismissed my honor and integrity in your anger? For someone as intelligent as you the situation must be clear enough. I’m wearing my heart on my sleeve, and I can’t hide my feelings. So let me hear what you have to say.I feel sorry for you.That’s a step in the direction of love.No, not at all. It’s a perfectly ordinary experience for us to feel sorry for our enemies.Well, enough of my whining then. That’s that! I was getting carried away with fantasies I didn’t deserve to have. But I should consider myself lucky. It’s much better to be destroyed by a noble enemy than by a cruel and heartless one. (a clock strikes) Listen to that, the clock’s scolding me for wasting my time loving you. Don’t worry, young man, I won’t stalk you. And when you’re older and wiser and ready for marriage, your future wife will have a fine husband. There’s the way back home for you, due west.Then west is where I’m headed! I wish you all the best. You doStay, Please, tell me what you think of me.I think you’re denying what you really are.If that’s true, I think the same thing about you.You’re right. I am not what I am.I wish you were what I wanted you to be!