
(to FABIAN) I have his horse to take up the quarrel. I have
persuaded him the youth’s a devil.
He is as horribly conceited of him, and pants and looks pale,
as if a bear were at his heels.

(to VIOLA) There’s no remedy, sir; he will fight with you for
’s oath sake. Marry, he hath better bethought him of his
quarrel, and he finds that now scarce to be worth talking of.
Therefore, draw for the supportance of his vow. He protests
he will not hurt you.

(aside) Pray God defend me! A little thing would make me
tell them how much I lack of a man.
Give ground, if you see him furious.Come, Sir Andrew, there’s no remedy. The gentleman will,
for his honor’s sake, have one bout with you. He cannot by
the duello avoid it. But he has promised me, as he is a
gentleman and a soldier, he will not hurt you. Come on,
to ’t.
Pray God, he keep his oath!I do assure you, ’tis against my will.Put up your sword. If this young gentlemanHave done offence, I take the fault on me.If you offend him, I for him defy you.#LBSFORGOLD
(to FABIAN) He’s given me his horse to try to avoid the fight—I’ve persuaded him that the young man is a fighting machine.He’s just as terrified of Sir Andrew. He’s pale and hyperventilating, as if a bear were chasing him.
(to VIOLA) There’s nothing you can do about it, sir. He insists on fighting with you because he swore he would. But he’s thought over his reason for challenging you to fight, and he realizes it’s so insignificant that it’s not worth thinking about. So draw your sword so he can carry out his vow. He promises not to hurt you.
(to herself) God help me! If anything happens I’m going to have to tell them exactly how unmanly I am.Back off if he seems really furious.Come on, Sir Andrew, there’s nothing you can do about it. The gentleman insists on fighting a round with you, for the sake of his honor. The rules of dueling say he has to. But as a gentleman and a soldier he’s promised me he won’t hurt you. Come on, get ready.I hope to God he keeps his promise!I swear to you, I don’t want to be doing this.Put your sword away. If this young gentleman has offended you, I’ll take the blame for it. If you’ve offended him, I’ll fight you.