By my troth, the fool has an excellent breast. I had rather
than forty shillings I had such a leg, and so sweet a breath
to sing, as the fool has.—(to the FOOL) In sooth, thou wast
in very gracious fooling last night when thou spokest of
Pigrogromitus, of the Vapians passing the equinoctial of
Queubus. 'Twas very good, i' faith. I sent thee sixpence for
thy leman. Hadst it?
I did impeticos thy gratillity, for Malvolio’s nose is no
whipstock. My lady has a white hand, and the Myrmidons
are no bottle-ale houses.
Excellent! Why, this is the best fooling when all is done.Now, a song.
(giving money to the FOOL)
Come on. There is sixpence for you. Let’s have a song.
(giving money to the FOOL)
There’s a testril of me too. If one knight give a—Would you have a love song or a song of good life?A love song, a love song.Ay, ay. I care not for good life.
(sings)

O mistress mine, where are you roaming?

O, stay and hear! Your true love’s coming,

That can sing both high and low:

Trip no further, pretty sweeting.

Journeys end in lovers meeting,

Every wise man’s son doth know.
#LBSFORGOLDI swear, this fool has an excellent singing voice. I’d give forty shillings to have his nice legs and his beautiful voice. (to the FOOL) Fool, you were very funny last night talking that astrological nonsenseThese are nonsense words that sound like astrology.astrological nonsense about Pigrogromitus and the Vapians passing the equinox of Queubus. Very amusing. I sent you some money to spend on your girlfriend. Did you get it?I gave your little present to my girlfriend because you can’t get a grip on Malvolio’s nose to whip your horse with it. My girlfriend has beautiful white hands, and great warriors aren’t mom-and-pop dinersThis is more nonsense to amuse Sir Andrew.mom-and-pop diners, you know.Ha, ha! I love it when you talk nonsense—that’s what fools should do. Come on now, sing for us.
(giving the FOOL money) Yes, come on. Here’s sixpence for you. Let’s hear a song.
(giving the FOOL money) Here’s something from me too. If one knight gives—Would you rather hear a love song or a song about the good life?A love song, a love song.Yes, yes. I’m not interested in being good.
(he sings)

Oh my lover, where are you roaming? Stay and listen! Your true love’s coming, the one who can sing both high and low: Don’t roam any further, pretty darling. Your journey ends when you meet a lover, as every wise man’s son knows.
