“M”—Malvolio. “M”—why, that begins my name.
(aside) Did not I say he would work it out? The cur is
excellent at faults.
“M.” But then there is no consonancy in the sequel that
suffers under probation “A” should follow but “O” does.
(aside) And “O” shall end, I hope.(aside) Ay, or I’ll cudgel him and make him cry “O!”And then “I” comes behind.
(aside) Ay, an you had any eye behind you, you might see
more detraction at your heels than fortunes before you.
“M.O.A.I.” This simulation is not as the former, and yet to
crush this a little, it would bow to me, for every one of these
letters are in my name. Soft, here follows prose.

(reads)
“If this fall into thy hand, revolve. In my stars I am above
thee, but be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great,
some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust
upon 'em. Thy Fates open their hands. Let thy blood
and spirit embrace them. And, to inure thyself to what
thou art like to be, cast thy humble slough and appear
fresh. Be opposite with a kinsman, surly with servants.
#LBSFORGOLD“M”—Malvolio. “M”—why, that’s the first letter in my name.
(whispering) Didn’t I tell you he’d figure it out? This dog’s excellent at following false leads.“M.” But then the next letter isn’t the same. “A” should be next, but instead “O” comes next.
(whispering) And an “O” like a noose will end this, I hope.
(whispering)Yeah, or I’ll beat him up and make him yell “Oh!”And then the “I” comes next.
(whispering) If you had an I in the back of your head, you’d see trouble behind you.M.O.A.I. This code’s not as easy to crack as the other one. But if I shake it up a little it’ll work, because every one of those letters is in my name. But wait, there’s some prose after her poem.
(he reads)
“If this letter falls into your hands, think carefully about what it says. By my birth I rank above you, but don’t be afraid of my greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them. Your fate awaits you. Accept it in body and spirit. To get used to the life you’ll most likely be leading soon, get rid of your low-class trappings. Show some eagerness for the new upscale lifestyle that’s waiting