I will return again into the house and desire some conduct
of the lady. I am no fighter. I have heard of some kind of men
that put quarrels purposely on others, to taste their valor.
Belike this is a man of that quirk.
Sir, no. His indignation derives itself out of a very
competent injury. Therefore get you on and give him his
desire. Back you shall not to the house, unless you
undertake that with me which with as much safety you
might answer him. Therefore on, or strip your sword stark
naked, for meddle you must, that’s certain, or forswear to
wear iron about you.
This is as uncivil as strange. I beseech you, do me this
courteous office, as to know of the knight what my offense
to him is. It is something of my negligence, nothing of my
purpose.
I will do so. Signior Fabian, stay you by this gentleman till
my return.
Pray you, sir, do you know of this matter?I know the knight is incensed against you, even to a mortal
arbitrament, but nothing of the circumstance more.
I beseech you, what manner of man is he?Nothing of that wonderful promise, to read him by his
form, as you are like to find him in the proof of his valor. He
is, indeed, sir, the most skillful, bloody, and fatal opposite
that you could possibly have found in any part of Illyria.
Will you walk towards him? I will make your peace with
him if I can.
#LBSFORGOLDI’ll go back inside and ask the lady for some kind of escort. I’m not a fighter. I’ve heard of men who pick fights with other people on purpose, just to see how brave they are. This man is probably like that.No, sir. He’s furious because you insulted him, and he has a right to satisfaction. So go out there and give him what he wants. You can’t go back into the house unless you want to fight with me—and if you’re willing to do that, you might as well just go and fight with him. So go to the orchard, or take out your sword right now. You’re going to have to fight one way or another, there’s no doubt about that, or else you’ll have to stop wearing a sword and claiming to be a gentleman.This is as rude as it is strange. Please, do me this one favor: find out what I’ve done to offend this knight. It must be something I did accidentally.I will do so. Mr. Fabian, stay with this gentleman until I come back.Excuse me, sir, do you know anything about this?I know the knight is furious with you, so much that he’s willing to fight you to the death, but I don’t know anything else about it.What kind of man is he?He’s not much to look at, but he’s very brave in battle. He really is the most skillful, bloodthirsty, and dangerous opponent you can find in Illyria. Do you want to go see him? I’ll try to calm him down for you if I can.