Excellently done, if God did all.'Tis in grain, sir. 'Twill endure wind and weather.'Tis beauty truly blent, whose red and whiteNature’s own sweet and cunning hand laid on.Lady, you are the cruel’st she aliveIf you will lead these graces to the graveAnd leave the world no copy.O, sir, I will not be so hard-hearted. I will give out divers
schedules of my beauty. It shall be inventoried, and every
particle and utensil labeled to my will: as, item, two lips
indifferent red; item, two grey eyes, with lids to them; item,
one neck, one chin, and so forth. Were you sent hither to
praise me?
I see you what you are, you are too proud.But, if you were the devil, you are fair.My lord and master loves you. Oh, such loveCould be but recompensed though you were crownedThe nonpareil of beauty.   How does he love me?With adorations, fertile tears,With groans that thunder love, with sighs of fire.Your lord does know my mind. I cannot love him.Yet I suppose him virtuous, know him noble,Of great estate, of fresh and stainless youth.#LBSFORGOLDIt was done excellently, if it’s all-natural, the way God made it.Oh, it’s all-natural, sir. Wind and rain can’t wash it off.That’s true beauty. Mother Nature herself painted your skin so white and your lips so red. My lady, you’d be the cruelest woman alive if you let your beauty die with you, with no children to inherit your good looks for future generations to enjoy.Oh, I’d never be that cruel. I’ll definitely do as you say and leave my beauty for the rest of the world to enjoy. I’ll write out a detailed inventory of my beauty and label every part. For example—item: two lips, ordinary red. Item: two gray eyes, with lids on them. Item: one neck, one chin, and so on. Anyway, were you sent here just to tell me I’m beautiful?I see what you’re like. You’re proud. But you’d still be gorgeous even if you were as proud as the devil. My lord loves you. You should return a love as deep as his, even if you’re the most beautiful woman in the world.How does he love me?He adores you. He cries and groans and sighs.Your lord knows what I think. I can’t love him. I’m sure he’s a very nice man. I know he’s noble, rich, young, and with a fine reputation. People say he’s generous, well educated, and brave, and he’s very attractive.