My masters, are you mad? Or what are you? Have you no
wit, manners, nor honesty but to gabble like tinkers at this
time of night? Do you make an alehouse of my lady’s house,
that you squeak out your coziers' catches without any
mitigation or remorse of voice? Is there no respect of place,
persons, nor time in you?
We did keep time, sir, in our catches. Sneck up!Sir Toby, I must be round with you. My lady bade me tell
you, that, though she harbors you as her kinsman, she’s
nothing allied to your disorders. If you can separate
yourself and your misdemeanors, you are welcome to the
house. If not, an it would please you to take leave of her, she
is very willing to bid you farewell.

(sings) Farewell, dear heart, since I must needs be gone.
Nay, good Sir Toby.(sings) His eyes do show his days are almost done.
Is ’t even so?(sings) But I will never die.
(sings) Sir Toby, there you lie.
This is much credit to you.#LBSFORGOLDAre you all crazy? What’s wrong with you? Are you making all this noise at this time of night because you have no manners, or because you’re just stupid? Are you trying to turn my mistress’s house into a noisy bar? Is that why you’re squealing out these ridiculous vulgar songs without lowering your voices at all? Don’t you have any respect for anything?We respected the beat of the song, sir. So shut up!Sir Toby, I’ve got to be frank with you. My lady told me to tell you that while she lets you stay at her house because you’re a relative, she doesn’t approve of your behavior. If you can shape up, you’re welcome to stay in the house. If you can’t, and would prefer to leave, she’s very willing to say goodbye to you.
(he
singsIn this line and the following lines, Sir Toby and the fool are singing variations on the lyrics of a popular song of the day.sings
) Goodnight, sweetheart, I’m going to leave you now.
No, good Sir Toby.
(singing) You can tell from his eyes that his life is almost over.
Is this how it’s going to be?
(singing) But I will never die.

(singing) Sir Toby, that’s a lie.
This behavior really makes you look great.