     Would you’d pardon me;I do not without danger walk these streets:Once in a sea-fight 'gainst the Count his galleysI did some service, of such note indeed,That were I ta'en here it would scarce be answered.Belike you slew great number of his people?The offence is not of such a bloody nature;Albeit the quality of the time and quarrelMight well have given us bloody argument.It might have since been answered in repayingWhat we took from them, which, for traffic’s sake,Most of our city did. Only myself stood out;For which, if I be lapsèd in this place,I shall pay dear.   Do not then walk too open.It doth not fit me. Hold, sir, here’s my purse.
(giving him money)
In the south suburbs, at the Elephant,Is best to lodge. I will bespeak our diet,Whiles you beguile the time and feed your knowledgeWith viewing of the town. There shall you have me.Why I your purse?Haply your eye shall light upon some toyYou have desire to purchase, and your store,I think, is not for idle markets, sir.I’ll be your purse-bearer and leave youFor an hour.#LBSFORGOLDI’m sorry, but I can’t. You see, it’s dangerous for me to walk in these streets. Once in a battle at sea I did a lot of damage to Count Orsino’s warships. If they arrested me here, it’d be the end of me.You probably killed a lot of his men?No, I didn’t do anything as violent as that, though we would’ve been justified in shedding a little blood over the matter. The whole quarrel might have been resolved since then when we repaid what we stole from them—which most of our city did, for the sake of friendly trade relations. I was the only one who refused to give back what I stole. That’s why I’ll pay dearly if they find me here.Then don’t make yourself too conspicuous.You’re right. Hang on a minute, here’s some money for you. (he gives SEBASTIAN money) The best place to stay around here is an inn called the Elephant, in the suburbs south of the city. I’ll arrange for our meals while you enjoy yourself and educate yourself by looking at the town. You’ll find me at the Elephant.Why are you giving me your purse?Maybe you’ll see some little trinket you want to buy. I doubt you’ve got enough money for little purchases like that.I’ll hold on to your money and leave you for an hour.