   Sure, my noble lord,If she be so abandoned to her sorrowAs it is spoke, she never will admit me.Be clamorous, and leap all civil bounds,Rather than make unprofited return.Say I do speak with her, my lord, what then?O, then unfold the passion of my love,Surprise her with discourse of my dear faith:It shall become thee well to act my woes;She will attend it better in thy youthThan in a nuncio’s of more grave aspect.I think not so, my lord.   Dear lad, believe it.For they shall yet belie thy happy yearsThat say thou art a man. Diana’s lipIs not more smooth and rubious. Thy small pipeIs as the maiden’s organ, shrill and sound,And all is semblative a woman’s part.I know thy constellation is right aptFor this affair. (to CURIO and attendants)
   Some four or five attend him.All, if you will, for I myself am bestWhen least in company. (to VIOLA) Prosper well in this,And thou shalt live as freely as thy lord,To call his fortunes thine.   I’ll do my bestTo woo your lady—(aside) Yet, a barful strife—Whoe'er I woo, myself would be his wife.#LBSFORGOLDBut my lord, I’m sure that if she’s as depressed as people say, she’ll never let me in.Be loud and obnoxious. Do whatever it takes, just get the job done.Well, all right, let’s say hypothetically that I do get a chance to speak with her, my lord. What do I do then?Tell her how passionately I love her. Overwhelm her with examples of how faithful I am. The best thing would be to act out my feelings for her. She’ll pay more attention to a young guy like you than to an older, more serious man.I don’t think so, my lord.My boy, it’s true. Anyone who says you’re a man must not notice how young you are. Your lips are as smooth and red as the goddess Diana’s. Your soft voice is like a young girl’s, high and clear, and the rest of you is pretty feminine too. I know you’re the right person for this job. (to CURIO and attendants) Four or five of you go along with him, or you can all go if you like. I’m most comfortable when I’m alone. (to VIOLA) If you succeed at this assignment, I’ll reward you well. My whole fortune will be yours.I’ll do my best to make this lady love you.—(to herself) But what a tough task!—I have to go matchmaking for the man I want to marry myself!