A blessèd labor, my most sovereign lord.Amongst this princely heap, if any hereBy false intelligence, or wrong surmiseHold me a foe,If I unwittingly, or in my rage,Have aught committed that is hardly borneBy any in this presence, I desireTo reconcile me to his friendly peace.'Tis death to me to be at enmity;I hate it, and desire all good men’s love.First, madam, I entreat true peace of you,Which I will purchase with my duteous service;—Of you, my noble cousin Buckingham,If ever any grudge were lodged between us;—Of you and you, Lord Rivers and of Dorset,That all without desert have frowned on me;—Of you, Lord Woodeville and Lord Scales;— of you,Dukes, earls, lords, gentlemen; indeed, of all.I do not know that Englishman aliveWith whom my soul is any jot at oddsMore than the infant that is born tonight.I thank my God for my humility.A holy day shall this be kept hereafter.I would to God all strifes were well compounded.My sovereign lord, I do beseech your HighnessTo take our brother Clarence to your grace.Why, madam, have I offered love for this,To be so flouted in this royal presence?Who knows not that the gentle duke is dead?You do him injury to scorn his corse.#LBSFORGOLDWhat blessed work, my king. If there’s anyone among this princely group who mistakes me for an enemy—if by accident or in anger I have done anything to offend you—I want to join with you in peaceful friendship. It kills me to be enemies with you. I hate it and want all good men’s love. (to QUEEN ELIZABETH) First, madam, I want there to be peace between you and me, which I will buy with my obedient service to you. And peace with you, my noble cousin Buckingham, if you ever felt any grudge against me; and with you, Lord Rivers, and, Lord Grey, with you. In fact, I want to get along with everyone who has frowned on me without good cause—dukes, earls, lords, gentlemen, everyone. There is not an Englishman alive with whom I’m at odds, anymore than a newborn baby would be. I thank God for my humbleness.Today shall always be remembered as a holy day. If only all struggles ended this well. One more thing, my dear majesty. Please pardon our brother Clarence.Why, madam, have I offered you my love only to be flouted in front of the king? Who doesn’t know that the good duke is dead?You do him wrong to laugh at his corpse.