If you will live, lament. If die, be brief,That our swift-wingèd souls may catch the king’s,Or, like obedient subjects, follow himTo his new kingdom of ne'er-changing night.Ah, so much interest have I in thy sorrowAs I had title in thy noble husband.I have bewept a worthy husband’s deathAnd lived with looking on his images;But now two mirrors of his princely semblanceAre cracked in pieces by malignant death,And I, for comfort, have but one false glassThat grieves me when I see my shame in him.Thou art a widow, yet thou art a mother,And hast the comfort of thy children left,But death hath snatched my husband from mine armsAnd plucked two crutches from my feeble hands,Clarence and Edward. O, what cause have I,Thine being but a moiety of my moan,To overgo thy woes and drown thy cries!
(to QUEEN ELIZABETH) Ah, aunt, you wept not for our   father’s death.How can we aid you with our kindred tears?Our fatherless distress was left unmoaned.Your widow-dolor likewise be unwept!Give me no help in lamentation.I am not barren to bring forth complaints.All springs reduce their currents to mine eyes,That I, being governed by the watery moon,May send forth plenteous tears to drown the world.Ah, for my husband, for my dear lord Edward!#LBSFORGOLDIf you do intend to live, then mourn. If you’re going to die, be quick about it so you can catch the king’s departing soul or follow him, like obedient subjects, to his new kingdom of endless night.As the king’s mother, I have a large share in your grief. I have wept at my own good husband’s death and only kept myself alive by looking at his sons, the mirror images of him. But now these two mirrors of their princely father have cracked to pieces: my sons are dead. And my only comfort is Richard, who is nothing like his father and only causes me shame. You may be a widow, but you’re also a mother. You have your children as comfort. But death has snatched my husband from my arms and plucked my two crutches, Edward and Clarence, from my feeble hands. Since your woes are only a portion of mine, I have every reason to surpass your lamentations and drown out your cries with my own.
(to QUEEN ELIZABETH) Ah, Aunt, you didn’t weep at our father’s death. How can we help you by crying for your sorrow?You didn’t sympathize with us when we became orphans; we won’t cry for you!I don’t need your help in grieving. I have my own sources of misery. In fact, all the world’s springs and oceans flow from my weeping eyes. I could drown the world. My poor husband, my dear Edward!