
(to QUEEN ELIZABETH) Comfort, dear mother. God is   much displeasedThat you take with unthankfulness, his doing.In common worldly things, ’tis called ungratefulWith dull unwillingness to repay a debtWhich with a bounteous hand was kindly lent;Much more to be thus opposite with heaven,For it requires the royal debt it lent you.Madam, bethink you, like a careful mother,Of the young prince your son. Send straight for him.Let him be crowned. In him your comfort lives.Drown desperate sorrow in dead Edward’s graveAnd plant your joys in living Edward’s throne.Sister, have comfort. All of us have causeTo wail the dimming of our shining star,But none can help our harms by wailing them.—Madam, my mother, I do cry you mercy;I did not see your Grace. Humbly on my kneeI crave your blessing.God bless thee, and put meekness in thy breast,Love, charity, obedience, and true duty.
(standing) Amen. (aside) And make me die a good old man!That is the butt end of a mother’s blessing;I marvel that her Grace did leave it out.#LBSFORGOLD
(to QUEEN ELIZABETH) Calm down, dear mother. God is unhappy that you’ve responded so unthankfully to his doings. In everyday life, when a person is unwilling to pay back a loan that was generously offered, he’s considered ungrateful. How much worse it is when Heaven is the lender, as in your case?Be a careful mother, madam, and think about your son, the young prince. Send for him right away and have him crowned. Your peace of mind depends on him. Bury your sorrows in dead Edward’s grave and plant your hopes in Prince Edward’s rise to the throne.Sister, calm down. All of us have reason to mourn the dimming of our shining star the king. But no good comes from all this wailing. Oh, mother, forgive me. I didn’t see you there. On my knee, I humbly ask your blessing.God bless you and make you obedient, loving, and kind.
(he stands) Amen. (to himself) And make me die a good old man! That should be the point of a mother’s blessing. I’m surprised my mother forgot to make it.