You cloudy princes and heart-sorrowing peersThat bear this heavy mutual load of moan,Now cheer each other in each other’s love.Though we have spent our harvest of this king,We are to reap the harvest of his son.The broken rancor of your high-swoll'n hates,But lately splintered, knit, and joined together,Must gently be preserved, cherished, and kept.Meseemeth good that with some little trainForthwith from Ludlow the young prince be fetHither to London, to be crowned our king.Why “with some little train,” my Lord of Buckingham?Marry, my lord, lest by a multitudeThe new-healed wound of malice should break out,Which would be so much the more dangerousBy how much the estate is green and yet ungoverned.Where every horse bears his commanding reinAnd may direct his course as please himself,As well the fear of harm as harm apparent,In my opinion, ought to be prevented.I hope the king made peace with all of us;And the compact is firm and true in me.And so in me, and so, I think, in all.Yet since it is but green, it should be putTo no apparent likelihood of breach,Which haply by much company might be urged.Therefore I say with noble BuckinghamThat it is meet so few should fetch the prince.And so say I.#LBSFORGOLDYou mournful princes and grieving gentlemen who have been sharing this burden of grief, now it’s time to cheer each other up with love. Though we have lost a generous king, we are about to enjoy the benefits of a new king. We must preserve our goodwill toward each other and not break into factions again. I think a few members of the court should fetch the young prince from Wales and bring him to London to be crowned our king.Why only a few courtiers, my lord of Buckingham?Because if many of us go there, the hostility between us may break out again, which would be very dangerous with the young prince so newly crowned. When you have a situation where everyone seems free to take off on his or her own, it’s important that the heads of state keep a low profile. We wouldn’t want the prince or his new authority to be undermined by squabbling factions.The king made peace among all of us. I, at least, intend to stick to our agreement to get along.And so do I. I think we all do. But, since our agreement is a recent development, it shouldn’t be put to the test, which could happen if the coronation turned into a huge ceremony. So, I agree with noble Buckingham—only a few should go to meet the prince.I think so too.