Well then, no more but this: go, gentle Catesby,And, as it were far off, sound thou Lord HastingsHow he doth stand affected to our purposeAnd summon him tomorrow to the TowerTo sit about the coronation.If thou dost find him tractable to us,Encourage him and show him all our reasons.If he be leaden, icy, cold, unwilling,Be thou so too, and so break off the talk,And give us notice of his inclination;For we tomorrow hold divided councils,Wherein thyself shalt highly be employed.Commend me to Lord William. Tell him, Catesby,His ancient knot of dangerous adversariesTomorrow are let blood at Pomfret castle,And bid my lord, for joy of this good news,Give mistress Shore one gentle kiss the more.Good Catesby, go effect this business soundly.My good lords both, with all the heed I can.Shall we hear from you, Catesby, ere we sleep?You shall, my lord.At Crosby Place, there shall you find us both.Now, my lord, what shall we do, if we perceiveLord Hastings will not yield to our complots?#LBSFORGOLDOkay, just do this, noble Catesby: sound out Lord Hastings, but make it seem as if you’re just mulling over the idea, that it hasn’t been firmed up yet. Invite him to come to the Tower tomorrow for the coronation ceremony. If he seems game to our plan, encourage him to join us and explain all our reasons. But if he’s resistant and chilly, then be like that too and break off the conversation. Let us know how he responds. Tomorrow we’re going to hold two separate meetings, one for those who are with us and one for those who aren’t. You’ll have a lot to do in these meetings.Give my regards to Hastings, Catesby. Tell him the nest of dangerous enemies that plagued him for years will die tomorrow at Pomfret. And tell him to give MistressAfter King Edward died, Mistress Shore became Hastings’s mistress.Mistress Shore one extra kiss to celebrate this good news.Good Catesby, do your work well.My good lords, I plan to.Will we hear from you before bedtime, Catesby?You will, my lord.You’ll find us both at Crosby Place.Now, my lord, what are we going to do if we find that Lord Hastings won’t go along with our plans?