Go, fellow, go. Return unto thy lord.Bid him not fear the separated council.His Honor and myself are at the one,And at the other is my good friend Catesby,Where nothing can proceed that toucheth usWhereof I shall not have intelligence.Tell him his fears are shallow, without instance.And for his dreams, I wonder he’s so simpleTo trust the mock'ry of unquiet slumbers.To fly the boar before the boar pursuesWere to incense the boar to follow usAnd make pursuit where he did mean no chase.Go, bid thy master rise and come to me,And we will both together to the Tower,Where he shall see, the boar will use us kindly.I’ll go, my lord, and tell him what you say.Many good morrows to my noble lord.Good morrow, Catesby. You are early stirring.What news, what news in this our tott'ring state?It is a reeling world indeed, my lord,And I believe will never stand uprightTill Richard wear the garland of the realm.How “wear the garland”? Dost thou mean the crown?#LBSFORGOLDGo, man, return to your lord and tell him not to worry about the separate meetings. While he and I are at one, my loyal servant Catesby will be at the other, so nothing will happen that we won’t find out about. Tell your master there is no sound basis for his worries. And as for his dreams, I’m surprised he’s so foolish as to trust the fantasies of a restless night. If we flee from the boar before the boar even pursues us, we’ll only make the boar angry and suspicious, causing him to chase us when he never intended to. Tell your master to get up and come here, and we’ll go together to the Tower to meet the boar“The boar” refers to Richard, whose heraldic emblem, worn on his armor to indicate his noble lineage, was the boar.boar, who will treat us well, as he’ll see.I’ll go, my lord, and tell him what you say.Good morning, my noble lord.Good day, Catesby. You’re up early. What news can you tell me in this fast-moving, unsteady state of ours?Our world sure is spinning fast, my lord. I believe it won’t stop moving and stand upright till Richard wears the wreath of the realm.What do you mean, “wears the wreath”? Are you talking about the crown?