Ay, my good lord.I’ll have this crown of mine cut from my shouldersBefore I’ll see the crown so foul misplaced.But canst thou guess that he doth aim at it?Ay, on my life, and hopes to find you forwardUpon his party for the gain thereof;And thereupon he sends you this good news,That this same very day your enemies,The kindred of the queen, must die at Pomfret.Indeed, I am no mourner for that news,Because they have been still my adversaries.But that I’ll give my voice on Richard’s sideTo bar my master’s heirs in true descent,God knows I will not do it, to the death.God keep your Lordship in that gracious mind.But I shall laugh at this a twelve-month hence,That they which brought me in my master’s hate,I live to look upon their tragedy.Well, Catesby, ere a fortnight make me olderI’ll send some packing that yet think not on ’t.'Tis a vile thing to die, my gracious lord,When men are unprepared and look not for it.O monstrous, monstrous! And so falls it outWith Rivers, Vaughan, Grey; and so ’twill doWith some men else that think themselves as safeAs thou and I, who, as thou know’st, are dearTo princely Richard and to Buckingham.#LBSFORGOLDYes, my good lord.I’ll have my head cut from my shoulders before I’ll see the crown so misplaced. But do you think that’s what he’s aiming for?Yes, I swear, and he hopes you’ll join his party to help. For that reason he sends you this good news—that this very day your enemies, the queen’s relatives, will die at Pomfret.Well, I’m not sorry to hear that, because they have always been my enemies. But the idea that I’d give my support to Richard and keep my master King Edward IV’s true heirs from the crown—never. God knows I’d die before I’d do that.Well, let’s hope you stay in that noble frame of mind.In a year, when things have calmed down, I’ll laugh about how those who got King Edward IV to hate me are now brought low. But as for now—before two weeks have gone by, I’m going to send some people packing. They have no idea what’s coming.It’s a horrible thing to die when you’re not prepared for it, my gracious lord.Yes, monstrous, monstrous! That’s how it will be for Rivers, Vaughan, and Grey. That’s how it will be for some other men, too, who think they’re as safe as you and I, who are well-loved by noble Richard and Buckingham.