The tender love I bear your Grace, my lord,Makes me most forward in this princely presenceTo doom th' offenders, whosoe'er they be.I say, my lord, they have deservèd death.Then be your eyes the witness of their evil.
(shows his arm)
Look how I am bewitched! Behold mine armIs like a blasted sapling withered up;And this is Edward’s wife, that monstrous witch,Consorted with that harlot, strumpet Shore,That by their witchcraft thus have markèd me.If they have done this deed, my noble lord—If? Thou protector of this damnèd strumpet,Talk’st thou to me of “ifs”? Thou art a traitor—Off with his head. Now by Saint Paul I swearI will not dine until I see the same.—Lovell and Ratcliffe, look that it be done.—The rest that love me, rise and follow me.Woe, woe for England! Not a whit for me,For I, too fond, might have prevented this.Stanley did dream the boar did raze his helm,And I did scorn it and disdain to fly.Three times today my foot-cloth horse did stumble,And started when he looked upon the Tower,As loath to bear me to the slaughterhouse.O, now I need the priest that spake to me!#LBSFORGOLDBecause I love your Grace, I say that whoever the offenders are deserve to die.Then see the evidence of their evil with your own eyes. (he shows his arm) Look how I’ve been bewitched! See how my arm has become like a withered tree-branch? This is the work of Edward’s wife, that monstrous witch, who is in league with that tramp Shore. They have used witchcraft to harm me.If they have done this thing, my noble lord—If? You lover of that damned whore, you’re talking to me of “ifs”? You’re a traitor.—Off with his head. By Saint Paul, I swear I won’t eat lunch until I see him beheaded. Lovell and Ratcliffe, make sure it gets done. The rest of you who love me, come with me.I pity England, but not myself. I was too foolish. I might have prevented this. Stanley dreamed the boar beheaded him, and I laughed and refused to flee with him. Three times today my horse stumbled and started when he looked in the direction of the Tower, as if he hated to carry me to this slaughterhouse. Oh, now I really need that priest who spoke to me today!