O Dorset, speak not to me. Get thee gone.Death and destruction dogs thee at thy heels.Thy mother’s name is ominous to children.If thou wilt outstrip death, go, cross the seas,And live with Richmond, from the reach of hell.Go, hie thee, hie thee from this slaughterhouse,Lest thou increase the number of the deadAnd make me die the thrall of Margaret’s curse,Nor mother, wife, nor England’s counted queen.Full of wise care is this your counsel, madam.
(to DORSET) Take all the swift advantage of the hours.You shall have letters from me to my sonIn your behalf, to meet you on the way.Be not ta'en tardy by unwise delay.O ill-dispersing wind of misery!O my accursèd womb, the bed of death!A cockatrice hast thou hatched to the world,Whose unavoided eye is murderous.
(to ANNE) Come, madam, come. I in all haste was sent.And I in all unwillingness will go.O, would to God that the inclusive vergeOf golden metal that must round my browWere red-hot steel to sear me to the brains!Anointed let me be with deadly venom,And die ere men can say, “God save the Queen.”Go, go, poor soul, I envy not thy glory.To feed my humor, wish thyself no harm.#LBSFORGOLDOh, Dorset, don’t waste your time talking to me. Leave. Death and destruction are following at your heels. Your mother’s name has become a threat to her own children. If you want to outrun death, go cross the sea to France and stay with RichmondHenry Tudor, the earl of Richmond, later to succeed Richard as King Henry VII.Richmond, out of the reach of hell. Go, get out of here, get out of this slaughterhouse. Otherwise you’ll just increase the number of the dead, and make me die the slave of Margaret’s curse, no longer a mother, a wife, or England’s queen.Madam, your advice is wise and caring.—Dorset, take advantage of the time you have. I’ll write to my stepson Richmond on your behalf, so that he’ll meet you on the way. But don’t delay.O, this evil wind that spreads nothing but misery. O, my cursed womb—it’s a deathbed, really, since Richard came out of it. It has hatched a cockatriceThe cockatrice was a mythical being that could kill with its gaze.cockatrice, whose gaze kills whatever it lands on.
(to ANNE) Come, madam, come. I was sent in a hurry.I go unwillingly. I wish to God that the golden crown that I’ll have to wear were red-hot steel and burned me straight through to the brain! I wish I could be anointed queen with deadly venom, not oil, and that I would die before anyone even had a chance to say, “God save the Queen!”Go, go, poor soul. I don’t envy your position. If you want to make me happy, don’t wish yourself harm.