No? Why? When he that is my husband nowCame to me, as I followed Henry’s corse,When scarce the blood was well washed from his handsWhich issued from my other angel husbandAnd that dear saint which then I weeping followed—O, when, I say, I looked on Richard’s face,This was my wish: be thou, quoth I, accursedFor making me, so young, so old a widow;And, when thou wedd’st, let sorrow haunt thy bed;And be thy wife, if any be so mad,More miserable by the life of theeThan thou hast made me by my dear lord’s death.Lo, ere I can repeat this curse again,Within so small a time my woman’s heartGrossly grew captive to his honey wordsAnd proved the subject of mine own soul’s curse,Which hitherto hath held my eyes from rest,For never yet one hour in his bedDid I enjoyed the golden dew of sleep,But with his timorous dreams was still awaked.Besides, he hates me for my father Warwick,And will, no doubt, shortly be rid of me.Poor heart, adieu. I pity thy complaining.No more than from my soul I mourn for yours.Farewell, thou woeful welcomer of glory.Adieu, poor soul that tak’st thy leave of it.#LBSFORGOLDNo? Why? The man I’m married to now came to me when he’d barely washed the blood off his hands from killing my first husband, that angel, as well as my husband’s sainted father, whose corpse I was following to burial. I’m telling you, when I looked at Richard’s face, this is what I wished: “I want you to be cursed for making me a widow so young. And when you get married, let sorrow haunt your bed. And I hope your wife—if any woman is crazy enough to marry you—is more miserable about the fact that you’re alive as you have made me by killing my husband!” And then what? Before I even had time to repeat the curse, my woman’s heart was taken captive by his sweet, slick words. I became the victim of my own curse. Since I married him, I have not had one hour’s sleep in his bed. Every night I’m awakened by his terrifiedAnne’s father, the earl of Warwick, fought on the opposite side from Richard and the other Yorkists in the wars between the Lancasters and Yorks.terrified dreams. It doesn’t matter if I sleep, though. He hates me because of who my father is. He will, no doubt, get rid of me soon.Poor dear, goodbye. I pity your situation.No more than I do yours.Goodbye. I know you’re unhappy with the glory of becoming queen.
(to ELIZABETH) And goodbye to you, the poor soul who has to leave that glory behind.#LBSFORGOLD