I know a discontented gentlemanWhose humble means match not his haughty spirit.Gold were as good as twenty orators,And will, no doubt, tempt him to anything.What is his name?     His name, my lord, is Tyrrel.I partly know the man. Go, call him hither, boy
(aside) The deep-revolving witty BuckinghamNo more shall be the neighbor to my counselsHath he so long held out with me, untired,And stops he now for breath? Well, be it so.How now, Lord Stanley, what’s the news?Know, my long lord,The marquess Dorset, as I hear, is fledTo Richmond, in the parts where he abides.Come hither, Catesby. Rumor it abroadThat Anne my wife is very grievous sick.I will take order for her keeping close.Inquire me out some mean poor gentleman,Whom I will marry straight to Clarence' daughter.The boy is foolish, and I fear not him.Look how thou dream’st! I say again, give outThat Anne my queen is sick and like to die.About it, for it stands me much uponTo stop all hopes whose growth may damage me.#LBSFORGOLDMy lord, I know one unhappy gentleman who has more pride than money. Money talks, and would very likely get him to do anything.What’s his name?His name is Tyrrel, my lord.I know the man a bit. Go, bring him here, boy.
(to himself) The thoughtful, witty Buckingham will no longer be privy to my innermost thoughts. Has he held out for me for so long and without a moment’s doubt only to suddenly need some “breathing room”? Well, so be it.Look who’s here! What’s the news with you?You should know, my loving lord, I’ve heard that the marquess Dorset has fled to Brittany, to the earl of Richmond.Come here, Catesby. Spread the rumor abroad that Anne, my wife, is very sick. I will make sure she’s kept out of view. And find a poverty stricken gentleman who I can marry straightaway to Clarence’s daughter. Clarence’s son is dull-witted, so I’m not worried about him. Look at you, standing there in a stupor! I repeat, spread the rumor that Anne, my wife, is sick and likely to die. Hurry up because it’s absolutely crucial that I destroy anything that may damage my position.