How canst thou woo her?     That would I learn of you,As one being best acquainted with her humor.And wilt thou learn of me?Madam, with all my heart.Send to her, by the man that slew her brothers,A pair of bleeding hearts; thereon engrave“Edward” and “York.” Then haply she will weep.Therefore present to her—as sometime MargaretDid to thy father, steeped in Rutland’s blood—A handkerchief, which say to her did drainThe purple sap from her sweet brother’s body,And bid her wipe her weeping eyes withal.If this inducement move her not to love,Send her a letter of thy noble deeds;Tell her thou mad’st away her uncle Clarence,Her uncle Rivers, ay, and for her sakeMad’st quick conveyance with her good aunt Anne.You mock me, madam. This is not the wayTo win your daughter.     There is no other way,Unless thou couldst put on some other shapeAnd not be Richard, that hath done all this.Say that I did all this for love of her.Nay, then indeed she cannot choose but hate thee,Having bought love with such a bloody spoil.#LBSFORGOLDHow would you woo her?That’s what I want to find out from you, who knows her best.And will you learn from me?Madam, with all my heart.Okay, then. Do this: send her a pair of bleeding hearts. Make clear they come from the man who killed her brothers. Write “Edward” and “York” on them. That will get her to weep. Then present her with a handkerchief, like the one Margaret gave your father, which was steeped in his son Rutland’s blood. Tell her this handkerchief sopped up the blood of her sweet brother’s body and urge her to dry her weeping eyes with it. If this encouragement doesn’t move her to love you, send her a description of your other noble deeds. Tell her how you secretly dispensed with her uncle Clarence, her uncle Rivers, and, for her sake, her good aunt Anne.Come, come, you’re making fun of me. This is not the way to win your daughter.There isn’t any other way, unless you took on another form and became someone else.But suppose I did all the things you named out of love for her.Then she has no choice but to hate you, as you purchased her love with murder.