Make bold her bashful years with your experience;Prepare her ears to hear a wooer’s tale;Put in her tender heart th' aspiring flameOf golden sovereignty; acquaint the PrincessWith the sweet silent hours of marriage joys;And when this arm of mine hath chastisèdThe petty rebel, dull-brained Buckingham,Bound with triumphant garlands will I comeAnd lead thy daughter to a conqueror’s bed,To whom I will retail my conquest won,And she shall be sole victoress, Caesar’s Caesar.What were I best to say? Her father’s brotherWould be her lord? Or shall I say her uncle?Or he that slew her brothers and her uncles?Under what title shall I woo for thee,That God, the law, my honor and her loveCan make seem pleasing to her tender years?Infer fair England’s peace by this alliance.Which she shall purchase with still-lasting war.Tell her the king, that may command, entreats—That, at her hands, which the king’s King forbids.Say she shall be a high and mighty queen.To vail the title, as her mother doth.Say I will love her everlastingly.#LBSFORGOLDGive her the benefit of your experience, and prepare her to hear me court her. Make her aspire to be queen. Tell the princess about the sweet, silent hours of joy there are in marriage. And when my army has chastised the petty rebel, that stupid Buckingham, I will return wreathed in victory crowns and lead your daughter to a conqueror’s bed. She will be the only victor over my triumphs. She will be the ruler of a Caesar.What should I say to her? That her father’s brother wants to be her husband? Or should I say it’s her uncle? Or should I describe you as the one who killed her brothers and her uncles? How can I describe you that will make you appeal to the young woman and will also agree with God, the law, my honor, and her feelings?Claim fair England’s peace depends on this alliance.She will purchase that peace with an everlasting war.Tell her that the king, who has the power to command people, asks her.He asks her to do what God forbidsThe Church forbid marriage between uncle and niece.forbids.Say she will be a high and mighty queen.Only to watch that title become worthless, as her mother has.Say I will love her everlastingly.