Is the chair empty? Is the sword unswayed?Is the king dead, the empire unpossessed?What heir of York is there alive but we?And who is England’s king but great York’s heir?Then tell me, what makes he upon the seas?Unless for that, my liege, I cannot guess.Unless for that he comes to be your liege,You cannot guess wherefore the Welshman comes.Thou wilt revolt and fly to him, I fear.No, my good lord. Therefore mistrust me not.Where is thy power, then, to beat him back?Where be thy tenants and thy followers?Are they not now upon the western shore,Safe-conducting the rebels from their ships?No, my good lord. My friends are in the north.Cold friends to me. What do they in the northWhen they should serve their sovereign in the west?They have not been commanded, mighty king.Pleaseth your Majesty to give me leave,I’ll muster up my friends and meet your GraceWhere and what time your Majesty shall please.Ay, thou wouldst be gone to join with Richmond,But I’ll not trust thee.#LBSFORGOLDIs the throne empty? Is the army without a leader? Is the king dead, the empire dispossessed? What heir of the York family is there alive other than myself? And who is England’s king but an heir of the great York? Therefore, tell me, what is he doing at sea?Unless it’s what I said, your Majesty, I have no idea.Unless he’s coming to be your leader you can’t guess why the Welshman’sRichmond was a descendent of the Welshman Owen Tudor.Welshman’s coming? You plan to revolt and join him, I’m afraid.No, mighty king, do not distrust me.Where is your army, then, to beat him back? Where are your tenants and your followers? Aren’t they at this very moment on the western shore helping the rebels land safely from their ships?No, my good lord, my friends are in the north.Then they’re cold friends to me. What are they doing in the north when they should be in the west serving their king?They haven’t been commanded to go to the west, mighty king. If your Majesty would like, I’ll muster up my friends and meet you wherever and whenever you like.Yes, you want to go join Richmond. But I’m not going to trust you.