
(to RICHARD)
Dream on thy cousins smothered in the Tower.Let us be lead within thy bosom, Richard,And weigh thee down to ruin, shame, and death.Thy nephews' souls bid thee despair and die.
(to RICHMOND)
Sleep, Richmond, sleep in peace and wake in joy.Good angels guard thee from the boar’s annoy.Live, and beget a happy race of kings.Edward’s unhappy sons do bid thee flourish.
(to RICHARD) Bloody and guilty, guiltily awake,And in a bloody battle end thy days.Think on Lord Hastings. Despair and die!
(to RICHMOND) Quiet, untroubled soul, awake, awake.Arm, fight, and conquer for fair England’s sake.
(to RICHARD)
Richard, thy wife, that wretched Anne thy wife,That never slept a quiet hour with thee,Now fills thy sleep with perturbations.Tomorrow, in the battle, think on me,And fall thy edgeless sword: Despair and die!
(to RICHMOND) Thou quiet soul, sleep thou a quiet sleep.Dream of success and happy victory.Thy adversary’s wife doth pray for thee.#LBSFORGOLD
(to RICHARD) Dream about your nephews, smothered in the Tower. Let us rest in your heart as heavily as lead, Richard, and drag you down to ruin, shame, and death! Your nephews' souls command that you despair and die! (to RICHMOND) Sleep, Richmond, sleep in peace and wake in joy. Good angels will protect you from the boar’s attacks! Live, and give birth to a whole, happy race of kings! Edward’s unlucky sons want you to flourish.
(to RICHARD) You violent, guilty man, wake up full of guilt and end your days in a bloody battle! Think about Lord Hastings. Despair, and die! (to RICHMOND) Quiet untroubled soul, wake up! Arm yourself, fight, and win for beautiful England’s sake!
(to RICHARD) Richard, your wife, your wretched wife, Anne, who never enjoyed a quiet hour of sleep with you, now fills your sleep with disturbing thoughts. Tomorrow in battle think of me and fall on your sword: despair, and die! (to RICHMOND) You quiet soul, sleep a quiet sleep. Dream of success and happy victory. Your enemy’s wife is praying for you.