My conscience hath a thousand several tongues,And every tongue brings in a several tale,And every tale condemns me for a villain.Perjury, perjury, in the highest degree;Murder, stern murder, in the direst degree;All several sins, all used in each degree,Throng to the bar, crying all, “Guilty! guilty!”I shall despair. There is no creature loves me,And if I die no soul will pity me.And wherefore should they, since that I myselfFind in myself no pity to myself?Methought the souls of all that I had murderedCame to my tent, and every one did threatTomorrow’s vengeance on the head of Richard.My lord.Zounds, who is there?Ratcliffe, my lord, ’tis I. The early village cockHath twice done salutation to the morn.Your friends are up and buckle on their armor.O Ratcliffe, I have dreamed a fearful dream!What think’st thou, will our friends prove all true?No doubt, my lord.O Ratcliffe, I fear, I fear.Nay, good my lord, be not afraid of shadows.#LBSFORGOLDGive me another horse! Bandage my wounds! Have mercy, Jesus!—Wait, I was only dreaming. Oh cowardly conscience, how you’re torturing me! The candles burn blue—that means it’s the dead of night. I’m sweating and trembling with fear. But what am I afraid of? Myself? There’s no one else here. Richard loves Richard, that is, there’s just me and myself here. Is there a murderer here? No. Yes, I am. Then run away. What, from myself? Yes, to avoid taking revenge on myself. Unfortunately, I love myself. Why? Did I do anything good to myself? Oh, no. Alas, I hate myself instead, because of the hateful deeds I’ve committed. I am a villain. But I’m lying; I’m not a villain. Fool, speak well of yourself. Fool, do not flatter yourself.My lord.Damn it, who’s there?Ratcliffe, my lord, it’s me. The rooster has already crowed twice. Your friends are up and buckling on their armor.Oh Ratcliffe, I had a terrifying dream! What do you think, will my friends prove loyal?No doubt, my lord.Oh Ratcliffe, I’m afraid, I’m afraid—No, my good lord, don’t be afraid of dreams.