God grant him health. Did you confer with him?Ay, madam. He desires to make atonementBetwixt the duke of Gloucester and your brothers,And betwixt them and my Lord Chamberlain,And sent to warn them to his royal presence.Would all were well—but that will never be.I fear our happiness is at the height.They do me wrong, and I will not endure it!Who is it that complains unto the kingThat I, forsooth, am stern and love them not?By holy Paul, they love his grace but lightlyThat fill his ears with such dissentious rumors.Because I cannot flatter and look fair,Smile in men’s faces, smooth, deceive and cog,Duck with French nods and apish courtesy,I must be held a rancorous enemy.Cannot a plain man live and think no harm,But thus his simple truth must be abusedWith silken, sly, insinuating jacks?To whom in all this presence speaks your Grace?To thee, that hast nor honesty nor grace.When have I injured thee? When done thee wrong?—Or thee?—Or thee? Or any of your faction?A plague upon you all! His royal grace,Whom God preserve better than you would wish,Cannot be quiet scarce a breathing whileBut you must trouble him with lewd complaints.#LBSFORGOLDGod give him health. Did you talk with him?Yes, madam. He wants to patch things up between Richard and your brothers, and between your brothers and Hastings. He has summoned them all.I wish I could believe you that all was well! But I’m worried that things can only go downhill from here.They’re out to get me, and I won’t stand for it! Which of you has been complaining to the king that I don’t like them? By God, whoever is worrying the king with these lies doesn’t love him very much. Just because I don’t know how to flatter and act nice, to smile in men’s faces and, as soon as their backs are turned, spread rumors about them, to bow and scrape like a nobleman trained in the French court, people have to think I’m their enemy. Can’t a plain man live and do no harm to anyone without being taken advantage of by a bunch of slick, sneaky lowlifes?Which of us are you referring to?You, who are neither honest nor good. When did I ever do you any harm? Or you? Or you? Or any of you? Damn you all! The king—whom I hope God will protect better than you would like—can’t get a minute’s rest without you bothering him with your outrageous complaints.