You may deny that you were not the meanOf my Lord Hastings' late imprisonment.She may, my lord, for—She may, Lord Rivers. Why, who knows not so?She may do more, sir, than denying that.She may help you to many fair prefermentsAnd then deny her aiding hand therein,And lay those honors on your high desert.What may she not? She may, ay, marry, may she—What, marry, may she?What, marry, may she? Marry with a king,A bachelor, a handsome stripling too.I wis, your grandam had a worser match.My Lord of Gloucester, I have too long borneYour blunt upbraidings and your bitter scoffs.By heaven, I will acquaint his majestyWith those gross taunts that oft I have endured.I had rather be a country servant-maidThan a great queen with this condition,To be so baited, scorned, and stormèd at.Small joy have I in being England’s queen.
(aside) And lessened be that small, God I beseech Him!Thy honor, state, and seat is due to me.#LBSFORGOLDOh, and I’ll bet you’ll also deny you were responsible for Lord Hastings’s recent stay in prison.She may deny that, my lord, because—She may, Lord Rivers? Everybody knows she may. She may do a lot more than that, sir. She may help you to get many nice promotions, and then deny she helped you, claiming you won them on your own merits. What can’t she do? She could even—She could even what?She could even what? She could marry a king, a bachelor, a handsome young lad. Certainly, your grandmother had a worse match.My lord of Gloucester, I have suffered your blunt upbraidings and your bitterness toward me for too long. By God, I will tell the king about these taunts. I would rather be a country serving maid than a great queen if it meant I could escape your scorn and constant harassment.I’ve had very little joy as England’s queen.
(speaking so no one else can hear) God, give her even less joy, I beg you! Elizabeth, your honor, your high rank, and your position as queenQueen Margaret is the widow of King Henry VI, who was deposed and murdered by the Yorkists.queen are all owed to me.