
(to QUEEN ELIZABETH) What, threat you me with telling of the king?Tell him, and spare not. Look, what I have said,I will avouch ’t in presence of the king;I dare adventure to be sent to th' Tower.'Tis time to speak. My pains are quite forgot.
(aside) Out, devil! I do remember them too well:Thou killed’st my husband Henry in the Tower,And Edward, my poor son, at Tewkesbury.
(to QUEEN ELIZABETH) Ere you were queen, ay, or your husband king,I was a packhorse in his great affairs,A weeder-out of his proud adversaries,A liberal rewarder of his friends.To royalize his blood, I spent mine own.
(aside) Ay, and much better blood than his or thine.
(to QUEEN ELIZABETH) In all which time, you and your husband GreyWere factious for the house of Lancaster.—And, Rivers, so were you. —Was not your husbandIn Margaret’s battle at Saint Albans slain?Let me put in your minds, if you forget,What you have been ere this, and what you are;Withal, what I have been, and what I am.
(aside) A murd'rous villain, and so still thou art.#LBSFORGOLD
(to QUEEN ELIZABETH) What! You’re threatening to tell the king? Go ahead, and don’t spare a single detail. Look, what I have said to you I will repeat in the presence of the king. If it means I’ll be sent to the Tower, so be it. It’s time for me to speak the truth. All the pains I took on King Edward’s behalf have been forgotten.
(speaking so no one else can hear) You devil! I remember these pains all too well. You killed my husband, Henry, in the Tower and my poor son, Edward, at Tewksbury.
(to QUEEN ELIZABETH) Before you were queen—in fact, before your husband was king—I was a packhorse for his great affairs, a weeder-out of his proud enemies, a generous rewarder of his friends. In order to make his blood royal, I spent my own blood.
(speaking so no one else can hear) Yes, and you spent betterMargaret is referring to the deaths of her own husband and son.better blood than his or your own.
(to QUEEN ELIZABETH) In all that time, you and your first husband, Sir John Grey, were fighting for the Lancasters.—And so were you, Rivers.—Elizabeth, wasn’t your first husband killed while fighting in Queen Margaret’s army at Saint Alban’s? In case you’ve forgotten, I want to remind you where you come from and what side you were on before you arrived here. And I want you to remember whom I fought for, who I have been, and who I am.
(speaking so no one else can hear) You were a murderous villain, and you still are.