
(to QUEEN ELIZABETH) Poor Clarence did forsake his father Warwick,Ay, and forswore himself—which Jesu pardon!—
(aside) Which God revenge!To fight on Edward’s party for the crown;And for his meed, poor lord, he is mewed up.I would to God my heart were flint, like Edward’s,Or Edward’s soft and pitiful, like mine.I am too childish-foolish for this world.
(aside) Hie thee to hell for shame, and leave the world,Thou cacodemon! There thy kingdom is.My Lord of Gloucester, in those busy daysWhich here you urge to prove us enemies,We followed then our lord, our sovereign king.So should we you, if you should be our king.If I should be? I had rather be a peddler.Far be it from my heart, the thought thereof.As little joy, my lord, as you supposeYou should enjoy were you this country’s king,As little joy may you suppose in meThat I enjoy, being the queen thereof.#LBSFORGOLD
(to ELIZABETH) Poor ClarenceIn Henry VI, Part 3, Clarence constantly shifted his loyalties from the Yorks (his own family) to th Lancasters, to which his father-inlaw belonged.Clarence abandoned his father-in-law, a Lancaster, and broke his own oath—may Jesus forgive him!—
(speaking so no one else can hear) May God take revenge on him!
(to QUEEN ELIZABETH) —in order to fight on Edward’s side to help him win the crown. And now he is rewarded by being thrown in prison! I wish to God my heart were made of stone, like Edward’s is. Or I wish Edward’s were soft and full of feeling, as mine is, so that he would let Clarence go. I am too childish, too innocent, for this world.
(speaking so no one else can hear) Hurry to hell, then, and leave the world alone, you demon! Hell is where your kingdom is.My Lord of Gloucester, in those busy days, which you’re bringing up now to prove we’re your enemies, we followed the lawful king. If you were king, we would do the same.If I were king? I’d rather be a peddler. The thought of being king doesn’t appeal to me in the least.You’re right to imagine that being this country’s leader brings no pleasure. As queen, I have felt none.