
(aside) As little joy enjoys the queen thereof,For I am she, and altogether joyless.I can no longer hold me patient.Hear me, you wrangling pirates, that fall outIn sharing that which you have pilled from me!Which of you trembles not that looks on me?If not, that I am queen, you bow like subjects,Yet that, by you deposed, you quake like rebels.—Ah, gentle villain, do not turn away.Foul, wrinkled witch, what mak’st thou in my sight?But repetition of what thou hast marred.That will I make before I let thee go.Wert thou not banishèd on pain of death?I was, but I do find more pain in banishmentThan death can yield me here by my abode.A husband and a son thou ow’st to me;
(to QUEEN ELIZABETH)
And thou a kingdom; —all of you, allegiance.The sorrow that I have by right is yours,And all the pleasures you usurp are mine.The curse my noble father laid on theeWhen thou didst crown his warlike brows with paper,And with thy scorns drew’st rivers from his eyes,And then, to dry them, gav’st the duke a cloutSteeped in the faultless blood of pretty Rutland—His curses then, from bitterness of soulDenounced against thee, are all fall'n upon thee,And God, not we, hath plagued thy bloody deed.#LBSFORGOLD
(speaking so no one else can hear) No pleasure for the queen, indeed: I am the real queen, and the experience is completely joyless. I can no longer hold my tongue.Hear me, you wrangling pirates. You’re quarreling over what doesn’t even belong to you—you stole it from me! Which of you does not tremble when you see me? If you aren’t trembling because you know I am queen and you are my subjects, then you’re shaking because you threw me from the throne! (to RICHARD) Oh highborn villain, do not turn away!Ugly, wrinkled witch, what are you doing here?Only describing what you have ruined. Or at least that’s what I plan to do before I let you go.Weren’t you banished on pain of death?I was. But I felt more pain from exile than I would have from being dead here at home. You, Richard, owe me a husband and a son. The rest of you owe me a kingdom. And all of you owe me allegiance. The sorrow that I feel actually belongs to you, and the high life you enjoy actually belongs to me. You stole it from me.The curse my noble warrior-fatherRichard refers to events Shakespeare dramatizes in King Henry VI, Part 3 (Act 1, Scene 4). Queen Margaret has Richard’s father, the third duke of York, killed. But before she kills him, she sets a paper crown on his head to mock him and hands him a rag soaked in his son Rutland’s blood. He begs God to destroy her.warrior-father laid on you when you set a paper crown on his head just before slaying him has finally borne fruit. Your scorn for him was so shocking that he cried rivers.To stop up his tears, you handed him a rag soaked with the blood of his own child. God, not us, is responsible for punishing you for your bloody deed.