Foul shame upon you, you have all moved mine.Were you well served, you would be taught your duty.To serve me well, you all should do me duty:Teach me to be your queen, and you my subjects.O, serve me well, and teach yourselves that duty!
(to RIVERS) Dispute not with her; she is lunatic.Peace, Master Marquess, you are malapert.Your fire-new stamp of honor is scarce current.O, that your young nobility could judgeWhat ’twere to lose it and be miserable!They that stand high have many blasts to shake them,And if they fall, they dash themselves to pieces.Good counsel, marry. —Learn it, learn it, marquess.It touches you, my lord, as much as me.Ay, and much more; but I was born so high.Our aerie buildeth in the cedar’s top,And dallies with the wind and scorns the sun.And turns the sun to shade. Alas, alas,Witness my son, now in the shade of death,Whose bright out-shining beams thy cloudy wrathHath in eternal darkness folded up.Your aerie buildeth in our aerie’s nest.O God, that seest it, do not suffer it!As it was won with blood, lost be it so.#LBSFORGOLDShame on you; I’ve already run out of patience with you all.If you got what you deserved, you would learn some respect.What I deserve is that you treat me like a queen, and what you deserve is to act like my subjects. Give me what I deserve, and do your duty!
(to RIVERS) Don’t argue with her. She’s crazy.Enough from you, mister, you’re being impertinent. Unlike those born into nobility, your claim to royalty is so recent that you hardly even know what it means to lose it. People in high positions are shaken by many blasts of wind, and when they fall, they shatter into pieces.Good advice, indeed. Take it to heart, Dorset.It applies to you as much as to me, my lord.Yes, and much more so. But I was born that high. Like an eagle, which builds its nest at the top of a high tree, I play in the wind and am not afraid to look at the sun.But you turn that sun into a shadow. Take my son, for example. He is dead now. You put out his bright life forever. You are building your nest in our nest. Oh God who’s watching, don’t let him get away with this! He won his position violently. Let him lose it that way, too.