Peace, peace, for shame, if not for charity.Urge neither charity nor shame to me.
(addressing the others)
Uncharitably with me have you dealt,And shamefully my hopes by you are butchered.My charity is outrage, life my shame,And in that shame still live my sorrows' rage.Have done, have done.O princely Buckingham, I’ll kiss thy handIn sign of league and amity with thee.Now fair befall thee and thy noble house!Thy garments are not spotted with our blood,Nor thou within the compass of my curse.Nor no one here, for curses never passThe lips of those that breathe them in the air.I will not think but they ascend the sky,And there awake God’s gentle-sleeping peace.
(aside to BUCKINGHAM)
O Buckingham, take heed of yonder dog!Look when he fawns, he bites; and when he bites,His venom tooth will rankle to the death.Have not to do with him. Beware of him.Sin, death, and hell have set their marks on him,And all their ministers attend on him.What doth she say, my lord of Buckingham?Nothing that I respect, my gracious lord.#LBSFORGOLDStop—if you can’t be kind, at least have some shame.How dare you talk about kindness or shame. (to the others) You have only been unkind to me, and you have shamefully butchered my hopes. My kindness to you is to be outraged at what has happened, and my sad, sad shame is in what you have done to my life.Enough, enough.Oh noble Buckingham, I’ll kiss your hand to show my friendship and support for you. I wish only good things upon you and your noble family! Your clothes aren’t spattered with my family’s blood, and you aren’t affected by my curse.No one here is affected by your curse, because curses are just words with no power.I think they rise up to heaven and arouse God from his gentle sleep. (so that only BUCKINGHAM hears) Oh Buckingham, watch out for that dog, Richard! When he seems to be fawning on you, he’s actually about to bite. And his poisonous bite kills. Have nothing to do with him. Beware of him. All the powers of sin, death, and hell are doing his bidding.What is she saying, my lord?Nothing that interests me, my good lord.