What, dost thou scorn me for my gentle counsel,And soothe the devil that I warn thee from?O, but remember this another day,When he shall split thy very heart with sorrow,And say poor Margaret was a prophetess.—Live each of you the subjects to his hate,And he to yours, and all of you to God’s.My hair doth stand an end to hear her curses.And so doth mine. I muse why she’s at liberty.I cannot blame her. By God’s holy mother,She hath had too much wrong, and I repentMy part thereof that I have done to her.I never did her any, to my knowledge.Yet you have all the vantage of her wrong.I was too hot to do somebody goodThat is too cold in thinking of it now.Marry, as for Clarence, he is well repaid;He is franked up to fatting for his pains.God pardon them that are the cause thereof.A virtuous and a Christian-like conclusionTo pray for them that have done scathe to us.So do I ever (aside) being well-advised,For had I cursed now, I had cursed myself.#LBSFORGOLDWhat, you ignore my kind advice and try to please the devil I’m warning you about? Oh, just remember this another day, when he splits your heart in two with sorrow. Then you’ll say poor Margaret was a prophet. Richard will come to hate everyone here, as you will come to hate him—and as God will come to hate you all.Her curses have made my hair stand on end.Mine, too. I don’t understand why she’s not locked up.I can’t blame her. She has been wronged too often. I regret what I have done to hurt her.I never caused her any harm, as far as I know.But you have all the advantages from the harm done. For my part, I was too eager to do King Edward good. He doesn’t even seem to notice now. And look how he’s repaid poor Clarence for his loyalty—penned him up like a pig being fattened for slaughter. God pardon those who are responsible for Clarence’s troubles.That’s very virtuous and Christian of you, Richard, to pray for those who have done us harm.I always pray for them (to himself) because “they” are none other than myself. If I cursed Clarence’s wrongdoers, I’d be cursing myself.