Why looks your grace so heavily today?O, I have passed a miserable night,So full of ugly dreams, of ugly sights,That, as I am a Christian faithful man,I would not spend another such a nightThough ’twere to buy a world of happy days,So full of dismal terror was the time.What was your dream, my lord? I pray you tell me.Methoughts that I had broken from the TowerAnd was embarked to cross to Burgundy,And in my company my brother Gloucester,Who from my cabin tempted me to walkUpon the hatches. Thence we looked toward EnglandAnd cited up a thousand fearful times,During the wars of York and LancasterThat had befall'n us. As we paced alongUpon the giddy footing of the hatches,Methought that Gloucester stumbled, and in fallingStruck me, that thought to stay him, overboardInto the tumbling billows of the main.O Lord, methought what pain it was to drown,What dreadful noise of waters in my ears,What sights of ugly death within my eyes.Methoughts I saw a thousand fearful wracks,A thousand men that fishes gnawed upon,Wedges of gold, great anchors, heaps of pearl,Inestimable stones, unvalued jewels,All scattered in the bottom of the sea.#LBSFORGOLDWhy do you look so depressed today, your Grace?Oh, I had a miserable night. I had such dark and terrifying dreams that I swear I wouldn’t spend another night like that if it guaranteed me a whole lifetime of happy days.What was your dream? Tell me.I thought I had escaped from the Tower and was on a ship to France with my brother Richard, who persuaded me to leave my cabin and walk on deck with him. Looking toward England, we reminisced about the countless frightening experiences we’d had in the wars between the Yorks and the Lancasters. As we were pacing the deck, which was tipping heavily, Richard seemed to stumble, and as I tried to grab hold of him and keep him from falling, he knocked me overboard into the crashing waves. Lord, how painful it was to drown. The sound of the rushing water was terrible, and so were the sights. I saw a thousand shipwrecks, a thousand men whom fish had gnawed to the bone, huge anchors, chunks of gold, heaps of pearls, and precious jewels—all scattered on the bottom of the sea.