“Clarence is come—false, fleeting, perjured Clarence,That stabbed me in the field by Tewkesbury.Seize on him, furies. Take him unto torment.”With that, methoughts, a legion of foul fiendsEnvironed me and howlèd in mine earsSuch hideous cries that with the very noiseI trembling waked, and for a season afterCould not believe but that I was in hell,Such terrible impression made my dream.No marvel, lord, though it affrighted you.I am afraid, methinks, to hear you tell it.Ah keeper, keeper, I have done those things,That now give evidence against my soul,For Edward’s sake, and see how he requites me.—O God, if my deep prayers cannot appease thee,But thou wilt be avenged on my misdeeds,Yet execute thy wrath in me alone!O, spare my guiltless wife and my poor children!—Keeper, I prithee sit by me awhile.My soul is heavy, and I fain would sleep.I will, my lord. God give your Grace good rest.Sorrow breaks seasons and reposing hours,Makes the night morning, and the noontide night.Princes have but their titles for their glories,An outward honor for an inward toil,#LBSFORGOLD“Clarence has arrived—lying, cowardly ClarenceThe ghost in Clarence’s dream was Prince Edward, Queen Margaret’s and King Henry VI’s son. Clarence helped kill Prince Edward.Clarence, who stabbed me at Tewksbury. Grab him, avenging spirits, and torment him.” With that, a legion of ugly demons surrounded me and howled so loudly in my ears that I woke up trembling and for a long time thought I was still in hell.I’m not surprised it scared you, my lord. It scares me just to hear you talk about it.Oh, keeper, keeper, the bad things I’ve done are finally taking their toll. I did them for Edward’s sake—and look how he rewards me.—Oh God, if my prayers don’t satisfy you, and you have to avenge the wrongs I’ve done, at least punish me alone! Please spare my innocent wife and children!—Kind warden, please stay with me for a while. I’m feeling very low, and I need to sleep.I’ll stay, my lord. May God bring you sleep!Sorrow interrupts all hours and seasons. It turns everything around—the night into morning and noon into night. The only glory princes have are their titles.