Remember our reward when the deed’s done.Zounds, he dies! I had forgot the reward.Where’s thy conscience now?O, in the duke of Gloucester’s purse.So when he opens his purse to give us our reward, thy
conscience flies out.
'Tis no matter. Let it go. There’s few or none will entertain it.What if it come to thee again?I’ll not meddle with it. It makes a man a coward: a man
cannot steal but it accuseth him; a man cannot swear but it
checks him; a man cannot lie with his neighbor’s wife but it
detects him. 'Tis a blushing, shamefaced spirit that
mutinies in a man’s bosom. It fills a man full of obstacles. It
made me once restore a purse of gold that by chance I
found. It beggars any man that keeps it. It is turned out of
towns and cities for a dangerous thing, and every man that
means to live well endeavors to trust to himself and live
without it.
Zounds, ’tis even now at my elbow, persuading me
not to kill the duke.
Take the devil in thy mind, and believe him not. He would
insinuate with thee but to make thee sigh.
I am strong-framed. He cannot prevail with me.#LBSFORGOLDRemember the reward we’re getting when the deed’s done.Jesus, let’s kill him! I forgot about the reward.Where’s your conscience now?Oh, in the duke of Gloucester’s wallet.When he opens his wallet to give us our pay, your conscience will fly out?It won’t matter. Let it fly out. No one will listen to it.And what will you do if it returns to you?I won’t bother with it. Conscience makes a man a coward. If he steals, it accuses him. If he wants to swear, it restrains him. If he sleeps with his neighbor’s wife, it exposes him. It blushes, is easily embarrassed, and stages regular uprisings in a man’s heart. It’s just too much trouble. It once made me return a purse full of money that I found—it turns anyone who treats it decently into a beggar. It has been thrown out of all sorts of towns and cities it visits, and anyone who wants to live well should learn to trust only himself and live without it.My God, now the thing is at my elbow, persuading me not to kill the duke.Stop your conscience and don’t listen to him. He wants to take over your thoughts and make you sad.I’m strong-willed. He won’t get the better of me.