Here’s a knocking indeed! If a man were porter of
                                hell-gate,
he should have old turning the key.
Knock, knock, knock! Who’s there, i'
                                th' name of Beelzebub? Here’s a farmer that hanged
                                himself on the expectation of plenty. Come in time, have napkins
                                enough about you, here you’ll sweat for ’t.Knock, knock! Who’s there, in th' other
                                devil’s name? Faith, here’s an equivocator that
                                could swear in both the scales against either scale, who committed
                                treason enough for God’s sake, yet could not equivocate to
                                heaven. O, come in, equivocator.Knock, knock, knock! Who’s there? Faith, here’s
                                an English tailor come hither for stealing out of a French hose.
                                Come in, tailor. Here you may roast your goose.#LBSFORGOLDThis is a lot of knocking! Come to think of it, if a man were in
                                charge of opening the gates of hell to let people in, he would have
                                to turn the key a lot.Knock, knock, knock! (pretending
                                    he’s the gatekeeper in hell) Who’s
                                there, in the devil’s name? Maybe it’s a farmer
                                who killed himself because grain was cheap. (talking to the imaginary farmer) You’re here
                                just in time! I hope you brought some handkerchiefs; you’re
                                going to sweat a lot here.Knock, knock! Who’s there, in the other devil’s
                                name? Maybe it’s some slick, two-faced con man who lied
                                under oath. But he found out that you can’t lie to God, and
                                now he’s going to hell for perjury. Come on in, con
                            man.Knock, knock, knock! Who’s there? Maybe it’s an
                                English tailor who liked to skimp on the fabric for
                                people’s clothes. But now that tight pants are in fashion
                                he can’t get away with it. Come on in, tailor. You can heat
                                your iron up in here.