This castle hath a pleasant seat. The airNimbly and sweetly recommends itselfUnto our gentle senses.     This
                                guest of summer,The temple-haunting martlet, does approve,By his loved mansionry, that the heaven’s breathSmells wooingly here. No jutty, frieze,Buttress, nor coign of vantage, but this birdHath made his pendant bed and procreant cradle.Where they most breed and haunt, I have observed,The air is delicate.     See,
                                see, our honored hostess!The love that follows us sometime is our trouble,Which still we thank as love. Herein I teach youHow you shall bid God 'ild us for your pains,And thank us for your trouble.     All
                                our service,In every point twice done and then done double,Were poor and single business to contendAgainst those honors deep and broad wherewithYour majesty loads our house. For those of old,And the late dignities heaped up to them,We rest your hermits.#LBSFORGOLDThis castle is in a pleasant place. The air is sweet and appeals
                                to my refined senses.The fact that this summer bird, the house martin, builds his nests
                                here proves how inviting the breezes are. There isn’t a
                                single protrusion in the castle walls where these birds
                                haven’t built their hanging nests to sleep and breed.
                                I’ve noticed that they always like to settle and mate where
                                the air is the nicest.Look, here comes our honored hostess! Sometimes the love my
                                subjects bring me is inconvenient, but I still accept it as love. In
                                doing so, I’m teaching you to thank me for the incovenience
                                I’m causing you by being here, because it comes from my
                                love to you.Everything we’re doing for you, even if it were doubled
                                and then doubled again, is nothing compared to the honors you have
                                brought to our family. We gladly welcome you as our guests, with
                                gratitude for both the honors you’ve given us before and
                                the new honors you’ve just given us.