     Now.     As
                                I descended?Ay.     Hark!
                                Who lies i' th' second chamber?Donalbain.
(looking at his hands) This is a
                                sorry sight.A foolish thought, to say a sorry sight.There’s one did laugh in ’s sleep, and one
                                cried. “Murder!”That they did wake each other. I stood and heard them.But they did say their prayers, and addressed themAgain to sleep.     There
                                are two lodged together.One cried, “God bless us!” and
                                “Amen” the other,As they had seen me with these hangman’s hands.List'ning their fear I could not say
                                “Amen,”When they did say “God bless us!”Consider it not so deeply.But wherefore could not I pronounce
                                “Amen”?I had most need of blessing, and “Amen”Stuck in my throat.     These
                                deeds must not be thoughtAfter these ways. So, it will make us mad.#LBSFORGOLDJust now.As I came down?Yes.Listen! Who’s sleeping in the second chamber?Donalbain.
(looking at his bloody hands) This
                                is a sorry sight.That’s a stupid thing to say.One of the servants laughed in his sleep, and one cried,
                                “Murder!” and they woke each other up. I
                                stood and listened to them, but then they said their prayers and
                                went back to sleep.Malcolm and Donalbain are asleep in the same room.One servant cried, “God bless us!” and the
                                other replied, “Amen,” as if they had seen
                                my bloody hands. Listening to their frightened voices, I
                                couldn’t reply “Amen” when they
                                said “God bless us!”Don’t think about it so much.But why couldn’t I say “Amen”? I
                                desperately needed God’s blessing, but the word
                                “Amen” stuck in my throat.We can’t think that way about what we did. If we do,
                                it’ll drive us crazy.