     Cure
                                her of that.Canst thou not minister to a mind diseased,Pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow,Raze out the written troubles of the brainAnd with some sweet oblivious antidoteCleanse the stuffed bosom of that perilous stuffWhich weighs upon the heart?     Therein
                                the patientMust minister to himself.Throw physic to the dogs; I’ll none of it.Come, put mine armor on. Give me my staff.Seyton, send out.—Doctor, the thanes fly from me.Come, sir, dispatch.—If thou couldst, doctor, castThe water of my land, find her disease,And purge it to a sound and pristine health,I would applaud thee to the very echo,That should applaud again.—Pull ’t off, I
                                say.—What rhubarb, senna, or what purgative drug,Would scour these English hence? Hear’st thou of
                            them?Ay, my good lord. Your royal preparationMakes us hear something.     Bring
                                it after me.I will not be afraid of death and bane,Till Birnam Forest come to Dunsinane.
(aside) Were I from Dunsinane away
                                and clear,Profit again should hardly draw me here.#LBSFORGOLDCure her of that. Can’t you treat a diseased mind? Take
                                away her memory of sorrow? Use some drug to erase the troubling
                                thoughts from her brain and ease her heart?For that kind of relief, the patient must heal herself.Medicine is for the dogs. I won’t have anything to do
                                with it. (to SEYTON) Come, put my armor on me. Give me my
                                lance. Seyton, send out the soldiers. (to
                                the DOCTOR) Doctor, the
                                thanes are running away from me. (to
                                    SEYTON) Come on, sir, hurry.
                                    (to the DOCTOR) Can you figure out what’s
                                wrong with my country? If you can diagnose its disease by examining
                                its urine, and bring it back to health, I will praise you to the
                                ends of the Earth, where the sound will echo back so you can hear
                                the applause again.—(to
                                    SEYTON) Pull it off, I tell you.
                                    (to the DOCTOR) What drug would purge the English from
                                this country? Have you heard of any?Yes, my good lord. Your preparation for war sounds like
                            something.
(to SEYTON) Bring the armor and follow me. I will not be afraid of
                                death and destruction until Birnam forest picks itself up and moves
                                to Dunsinane.
(to himself) I wish I were far away
                                from Dunsinane. You couldn’t pay me to come back
                            here.