Too cruel any where.Dear Duff, I prithee, contradict thyself,And say it is not so.Had I but died an hour before this chance,I had lived a blessèd time, for from this instantThere’s nothing serious in mortality.All is but toys. Renown and grace is dead.The wine of life is drawn, and the mere leesIs left this vault to brag of.What is amiss?You are, and do not know ’t.The spring, the head, the fountain of your bloodIs stopped; the very source of it is stopped.Your royal father’s murdered.     Oh,
                                by whom?Those of his chamber, as it seemed, had done ’t.Their hands and faces were all badged with blood.So were their daggers, which unwiped we foundUpon their pillows. They stared, and were distracted.No man’s life was to be trusted with them.Oh, yet I do repent me of my fury,That I did kill them.#LBSFORGOLDIt would be a terrible event no matter where it happened. Dear
                                Macduff, I beg you, tell us you were lying and say it isn’t
                                so.If I had only died an hour before this event I could say I had
                                lived a blessed life. Because from this moment on, there is nothing
                                worth living for. Everything is a sick joke. The graceful and
                                renowned king is dead. The wine of life has been poured out, and
                                only the dregs remain.What’s wrong?You are, but you don’t know it yet. The source from which
                                your royal blood comes has been stopped.Your royal father is murdered.Who did it?It seems that the guards who were supposed to be protecting his
                                chamber did it. Their hands and faces were all covered with blood.
                                So were their daggers, which we found on their pillows, unwiped.
                                They stared at us in confusion. No one’s life should have
                                been entrusted to them.And yet I still regret the anger that drove me to kill
                            them.