Seek to know no more.I will be satisfied. Deny me this,And an eternal curse fall on you! Let me know.Why sinks that cauldron? And what noise is this?Show.Show.Show.Show his eyes and grieve his heart.Come like shadows; so depart!Thou art too like the spirit of Banquo. Down!Thy crown does sear mine eyeballs. And thy hair,Thou other gold-bound brow, is like the first.A third is like the former.—Filthy hags!Why do you show me this? A fourth? Start, eyes!What, will the line stretch out to th' crack of doom?Another yet? A seventh? I’ll see no more.And yet the eighth appears, who bears a glassWhich shows me many more, and some I seeThat twofold balls and treble scepters carry.Horrible sight! Now I see ’tis true;For the blood-boltered Banquo smiles upon meAnd points at them for his.#LBSFORGOLDDon’t try to find out more.I demand to be satisfied. If you refuse, let an eternal curse fall
                                on you. Let me know. Why is that cauldron sinking? And what is that
                                music?Show.Show.Show.Show him and make him grieve. Come like shadows and depart in the
                                same way!You look too much like the ghost of Banquo. Go
                                    away!     (to the first) Your crown hurts my eyes.
                                    (to the second) Your blond hair,
                                which looks like another crown underneath the one you’re
                                wearing, looks just like the first king’s hair. Now I see a
                                third king who looks just like the second. Filthy hags! Why are you
                                showing me this? A fourth! My eyes are bulging out of their sockets!
                                Will this line stretch on forever? Another one! And a seventh! I
                                don’t want to see any more. And yet an eighth appears,
                                holding a mirror in which I see many more men. And some are carrying
                                double balls and triple scepters, meaning they’re kings of
                                more than one country! Horrible sight! Now I see it is true, they
                                are Banquo’s descendants. Banquo, with his blood-clotted
                                hair, is smiling at me and pointing to them as his.