
(reading) “They met me
                                in the day of success, and I have learned by the perfectest report
                                they have more in them than mortal knowledge. When I burned in
                                desire to question them further, they made themselves air, into
                                which they vanished. Whiles I stood rapt in the wonder of it came
                                missives from the king, who all-hailed me 'Thane of
                                Cawdor,' by which title, before, these weird sisters
                                saluted me, and referred me to the coming on of time with
                                'Hail, king that shalt be!' This have I thought
                                good to deliver thee, my dearest partner of greatness, that thou
                                might’st not lose the dues of rejoicing, by being ignorant
                                of what greatness is promised thee. Lay it to thy heart, and
                                farewell.”Glamis thou art, and Cawdor; and shalt beWhat thou art promised. Yet do I fear thy nature;It is too full o' th' milk of human kindnessTo catch the nearest way: thou wouldst be great,Art not without ambition, but withoutThe illness should attend it. What thou wouldst highly,That wouldst thou holily; wouldst not play false,And yet wouldst wrongly win. Thou'ld’st have,
                                great Glamis,That which cries, “Thus thou must do,” if
                                thou have it,And that which rather thou dost fear to do,Than wishest should be undone. Hie thee hither,That I may pour my spirits in thine earAnd chastise with the valor of my tongueAll that impedes thee from the golden round,Which fate and metaphysical aid doth seemTo have thee crowned withal.#LBSFORGOLD“The witches met me on the day of my victory in
                                battle, and I have since learned that they have supernatural
                                knowledge. When I tried desperately to question them further, they
                                vanished into thin air. While I stood spellbound, messengers from
                                the king arrived and greeted me as the thane of Cawdor, which is
                                precisely how the weird sisters had saluted me before calling me
                                ’the future king!' I thought I should tell you
                                this news, my dearest partner in greatness, so that you could
                                rejoice along with me about the greatness that is promised to us.
                                Keep it secret, and farewell.”
(she looks up from the letter) You
                                are thane of Glamis and Cawdor, and you’re going to be
                                king, just like you were promised. But I worry about whether or not
                                you have what it takes to seize the crown. You are too full of the
                                milk of human kindness to strike aggressively at your first
                                opportunity. You want to be powerful, and you don’t lack
                                ambition, but you don’t have the mean streak that these
                                things call for. The things you want to do, you want to do like a
                                good man. You don’t want to cheat, yet you want what
                                doesn’t belong to you. There’s something you want,
                                but you’re afraid to do what you need to do to get it. You
                                want it to be done for you. Hurry home so I can persuade you and
                                talk you out of whatever’s keeping you from going after the
                                crown. After all, fate and witchcraft both seem to want you to be
                                king.