Approach the chamber, and destroy your sightWith a new Gorgon. Do not bid me speak.See, and then speak yourselves.Awake, awake!Ring the alarum bell. Murder and treason!Banquo and Donalbain! Malcolm! Awake!Shake off this downy sleep, death’s counterfeit,And look on death itself! Up, up, and seeThe great doom’s image! Malcolm! Banquo!As from your graves rise up, and walk like sprites,To countenance this horror! Ring the bellWhat’s the business,That such a hideous trumpet calls to parleyThe sleepers of the house? Speak, speak!     O
                                gentle lady,'Tis not for you to hear what I can speak:The repetition, in a woman’s ear,Would murder as it fell.O Banquo, Banquo,Our royal master’s murdered!     Woe,
                                alas!What, in our house?#LBSFORGOLDGo into the bedroom and see for yourself. What’s in there
                                will make you freeze with horror. Don’t ask me to talk
                                about it. Go look and then do the talking yourselves.Wake up, wake up! Ring the alarm bell. Murder and treason! Banquo
                                and Donalbain, Malcolm! Wake up! Shake off sleep, which looks like
                                death, and look at death itself! Get up, get up, and look at this
                                image of doomsday! Malcolm! Banquo! Get up from your beds as if you
                                were rising out of your own graves, and walk like ghosts to come
                                witness this horror. Ring the bell.What’s going on? Why is that terrifying trumpet calling
                                together everyone who’s sleeping in the house? Speak up and
                                tell me!Oh gentle lady, my news isn’t fit for your ears. If I
                                repeated it to you, it would kill you as soon as you heard
                            it.Oh Banquo, Banquo, the king has been murdered!How horrible! What, in our own house?