Though his bark cannot be lost,Yet it shall be tempest-tossed.Look what I have.Show me, show me.Here I have a pilot’s thumb,Wrecked as homeward he did come.A drum, a drum!Macbeth doth come.
(dancing together in a circle) The
                                weird sisters, hand in     hand,Posters of the sea and land,Thus do go about, about,Thrice to thine and thrice to mineAnd thrice again, to make up nine.Peace! The charm’s wound up.So foul and fair a day I have not seen.How far is ’t called to Forres?—What are
                                theseSo withered and so wild in their attire,That look not like th' inhabitants o'
                                th' Earth,And yet are on ’t?—Live you? Or are you aughtThat man may question? You seem to understand me,By each at once her choppy finger layingUpon her skinny lips. You should be women,And yet your beards forbid me to interpretThat you are so.#LBSFORGOLDAlthough I can’t make his ship disappear, I can still
                                make his journey miserable. Look what I have here.Show me, show me.Here I have the thumb of a pilot who was drowned while trying to
                                return home.A drum, a drum! Macbeth has come.
(dancing together in a circle) We
                                weird sisters, hand in hand, swift travelers over the sea and land,
                                dance around and around like so. Three times to yours, and three
                                times to mine, and three times again, to add up to nine. Enough! The
                                charm is ready.
(to BANQUO) I have never seen a day that was so good and bad at the
                                same time.How far is it supposed to be to Forres? (he
                                    sees the WITCHES) What
                                are these creatures? They’re so withered-looking and
                                crazily dressed. They don’t look like they belong on this
                                planet, but I see them standing here on Earth. (to the WITCHES) Are you alive? Can you answer questions? You seem to
                                understand me, because each of you has put a gruesome finger to her
                                skinny lips. You look like women, but your beards keep me from
                                believing that you really are.