Banquo and Macbeth, all hail!Stay, you imperfect speakers, tell me more.By Sinel’s death I know I am thane of Glamis.But how of Cawdor? The thane of Cawdor lives,A prosperous gentleman, and to be kingStands not within the prospect of belief,No more than to be Cawdor. Say from whenceYou owe this strange intelligence, or whyUpon this blasted heath you stop our wayWith such prophetic greeting. Speak, I charge you.The earth hath bubbles, as the water has,And these are of them. Whither are they vanished?Into the air, and what seemed corporalMelted, as breath into the wind. Would they had stayed.Were such things here as we do speak about?Or have we eaten on the insane rootThat takes the reason prisoner?Your children shall be kings.     You
                                shall be king.And thane of Cawdor too: went it not so?To the selfsame tune and words. Who’s here?#LBSFORGOLDBanquo and Macbeth, all hail!Wait! You only told me part of what I want to know. Stay and tell
                                me more. I already know I am the thane of Glamis because I inherited
                                the position when my father, Sinel, died. But how can you call me
                                the thane of Cawdor? The thane of Cawdor is alive, and he’s
                                a rich and powerful man. And for me to be the king is completely
                                impossible, just as it’s impossible for me to be thane of
                                Cawdor. Tell me where you learned these strange things, and why you
                                stop us at this desolate place with this prophetic greeting? Speak,
                                I command you.The earth has bubbles, just like the water, and these creatures
                                must have come from a bubble in the earth. Where did they disappear
                                to?Into thin air. Their bodies melted like breath in the wind. I wish
                                they had stayed!Were these things we’re talking about really here? Or are
                                we both on drugs?Your children will be kings.You will be the king.And thane of Cawdor too. Isn’t that what they
                            said?That’s exactly what they said. Who’s
                            this?