
(aside)
                                     Glamis,
                                and thane of Cawdor!The greatest is behind. (to ROSS
                                    and ANGUS) Thanks for your pains.
(aside to BANQUO) Do you not hope your children shall be
                                kings,When those that gave the thane of Cawdor to mePromised no less to them?     That,
                                trusted home,Might yet enkindle you unto the crown,Besides the thane of Cawdor. But ’tis strange.And oftentimes, to win us to our harm,The instruments of darkness tell us truths,Win us with honest trifles, to betray ’sIn deepest consequence.
(to ROSS and ANGUS) Cousins, a word,
                                I pray you.
(aside)
                                     Two
                                truths are told,As happy prologues to the swelling actOf the imperial theme. (to ROSS
                                    and ANGUS) I thank you, gentlemen.
(aside) This supernatural
                                solicitingCannot be ill, cannot be good. If ill,Why hath it given me earnest of success,Commencing in a truth? I am thane of Cawdor.If good, why do I yield to that suggestionWhose horrid image doth unfix my hairAnd make my seated heart knock at my ribs,Against the use of nature? Present fearsAre less than horrible imaginings.#LBSFORGOLD
(to himself) It’s just
                                like they said—now I’m the thane of Glamis and
                                the thane of Cawdor. And the best part of what they predicted is
                                still to come. (to ROSS and ANGUS) Thank you for the news. (speaking
                                    so that only BANQUO can
                                hear) Aren’t you beginning to hope your children
                                will be kings? After all, the witches who said I was thane of Cawdor
                                promised them nothing less.If you trust what they say, you might be on your way to becoming
                                king, as well as thane of Cawdor. But this whole thing is strange.
                                The agents of evil often tell us part of the truth in order to lead
                                us to our destruction. They earn our trust by telling us the truth
                                about little things, but then they betray us when it will damage us
                                the most. (to ROSS and ANGUS) Gentlemen, I’d like to have a word with you,
                                please.
(to himself) So far the witches
                                have told me two things that came true, so it seems like this will
                                culminate in my becoming king. (to
                                ROSS and ANGUS) Thank you, gentlemen. (to
                                    himself) This supernatural temptation doesn’t
                                seem like it can be a bad thing, but it can’t be good
                                either. If it’s a bad thing, why was I promised a promotion
                                that turned out to be true? Now I’m the thane of Cawdor,
                                just like they said I would be. But if this is a good thing, why do
                                I find myself thinking about murdering King Duncan, a thought so
                                horrifying that it makes my hair stand on end and my heart pound
                                inside my chest? The dangers that actually threaten me here and now
                                frighten me less than the horrible things I’m
                            imagining.