     I
                                have lost my hopes.Perchance even there where I did find my doubts.Why in that rawness left you wife and child,Those precious motives, those strong knots of love,Without leave-taking? I pray you,Let not my jealousies be your dishonors,But mine own safeties. You may be rightly just,Whatever I shall think.     Bleed,
                                bleed, poor country!Great tyranny, lay thou thy basis sure,For goodness dare not check thee. Wear thou thy wrongs;The title is affeered.—Fare thee well, lord.I would not be the villain that thou think’stFor the whole space that’s in the tyrant’s
                                grasp,And the rich East to boot.     Be
                                not offended.I speak not as in absolute fear of you.I think our country sinks beneath the yoke.It weeps, it bleeds, and each new day a gashIs added to her wounds. I think withalThere would be hands uplifted in my right;And here from gracious England have I offerOf goodly thousands. But, for all this,When I shall tread upon the tyrant’s head,Or wear it on my sword, yet my poor countryShall have more vices than it had before,More suffer, and more sundry ways than ever,By him that shall succeed.     What
                                should he be?#LBSFORGOLDI have lost my hope of convincing you to fight against
                            Macbeth.Maybe you lost your hopes about me where I found my doubts about
                                you. Why did you leave your wife and child
                                vulnerable—the most precious things in your life, those
                                strong bonds of love? How could you leave them behind? But I beg
                                you, don’t interpret my suspicions as slander against you.
                                You must understand that I want to protect myself. You may really be
                                honest, no matter what I think.Bleed, bleed, poor country! Great tyrant, go ahead and build
                                yourself up, because good people are afraid to stand up to you.
                                Enjoy everything you stole, because your title is safe! Farewell,
                                lord. I wouldn’t be the villain you think I am even if I
                                were offered all of Macbeth’s kingdom and the riches of the
                                East too.Don’t be offended. I don’t completely distrust
                                you. I do think Scotland is sinking under Macbeth’s
                                oppression. Our country weeps, it bleeds, and each day a fresh cut
                                is added to her wounds. I also think there would be many people
                                willing to fight for me. The English have promised me thousands of
                                troops. But even so, when I have Macbeth’s head under my
                                foot, or stuck on the end of my sword, then my poor country will be
                                plagued by worse evil than it was before. It will suffer worse and
                                in more ways than ever under the reign of the king who follows
                                Macbeth.Who are you talking about?