I pray you, speak not. He grows worse and worse.Question enrages him. At once, good night.Stand not upon the order of your going,But go at once.Good night, and better healthAttend his majesty!A kind good night to all!It will have blood, they say. Blood will have blood.Stones have been known to move, and trees to speak.Augurs and understood relations haveBy magot pies and choughs and rooks brought forthThe secret’st man of blood.—What is the
                                night?Almost at odds with morning, which is which.How say’st thou that Macduff denies his personAt our great bidding?     Did
                                you send to him, sir?I hear it by the way; but I will send.There’s not a one of them but in his houseI keep a servant fee’d. I will tomorrow—And betimes I will—to the weird sisters.More shall they speak, for now I am bent to know,By the worst means, the worst. For mine own good,All causes shall give way. I am in bloodStepped in so far that, should I wade no more,Returning were as tedious as go o'er.Strange things I have in head, that will to hand,Which must be acted ere they may be scanned.#LBSFORGOLDPlease, don’t speak to him. He’s getting worse
                                and worse. Talk makes him crazy. Everybody, please leave right now.
                                Don’t bother exiting in the order of your rank, but just
                                leave right away.Good night. I hope the king recovers soon!A kind good night to all!There’s an old saying: the dead will have their revenge.
                                Gravestones have been known to move, and trees to speak, to bring
                                guilty men to justice. The craftiest murderers have been exposed by
                                the mystical signs made by crows and magpies. How late at night is
                                it?It’s almost morning. You can’t tell whether
                                it’s day or night.What do you think about the fact that Macduff refuses to come to
                                me when I command him?Did you send for him, sir?I’ve heard about this indirectly, but I will send for
                                him. In every one of the lords' households I have a servant
                                paid to spy for me. Tomorrow, while it’s still early, I
                                will go see the witches. They will tell me more, because
                                I’m determined to know the worst about what’s
                                going to happen. My own safety is the only important thing now. I
                                have walked so far into this river of blood that even if I stopped
                                now, it would be as hard to go back to being good as it is to keep
                                killing people. I have some schemes in my head that I’m
                                planning to put into action. I have to do these things before I have
                                a chance to think about them.