Ride you this afternoon?Ay, my good lord.We should have else desired your good advice—Which still hath been both grave and prosperous—In this day’s council, but we’ll take tomorrow.Is ’t far you ride?As far, my lord, as will fill up the time'Twixt this and supper. Go not my horse the better,I must become a borrower of the nightFor a dark hour or twain.     Fail
                                not our feast.My lord, I will not.We hear our bloody cousins are bestowedIn England and in Ireland, not confessingTheir cruel parricide, filling their hearersWith strange invention. But of that tomorrow,When therewithal we shall have cause of stateCraving us jointly. Hie you to horse. Adieu,Till your return at night. Goes Fleance with you?Ay, my good lord. Our time does call upon ’s.I wish your horses swift and sure of foot,And so I do commend you to their backs.Farewell.Let every man be master of his timeTill seven at night. To make societyThe sweeter welcome, we will keep ourselfTill suppertime alone. While then, God be with you!#LBSFORGOLDAre you going riding this afternoon?Yes, my good lord.We would have liked to have heard your good advice, which has
                                always been serious and helpful, at the council today, but
                                we’ll wait until tomorrow. Are you riding far?I’m going far enough that I’ll be riding from
                                now until dinner. Unless my horse goes faster than expected, I will
                                be back an hour or two after sunset.Don’t miss our feast.My lord, I won’t miss it.We hear that the princes, those murderers, have hidden in England
                                and Ireland. They haven’t confessed to cruelly murdering
                                their own father, and they’ve been making up strange lies
                                to tell their hosts. But we can talk more about that tomorrow, when
                                we’ll discuss matters of state that concern us both. Hurry
                                up and get to your horse. Good-bye, until you return tonight. Is
                                Fleance going with you?Yes, my good lord. It’s time we hit the road.I hope your horses are fast and surefooted. And with that, I send
                                you to them. Farewell.Everybody may do as they please until seven o'clock
                                tonight. In order to make your company even more enjoyable,
                                I’m going to keep to myself until suppertime. Until then,
                                God be with you!