Bless you, fair dame! I am not to you known,Though in your state of honor I am perfect.I doubt some danger does approach you nearly.If you will take a homely man’s advice,Be not found here. Hence with your little ones.To fright you thus methinks I am too savage;To do worse to you were fell cruelty,Which is too nigh your person. Heaven preserve you!I dare abide no longer.Whither should I fly?I have done no harm. But I remember nowI am in this earthly world, where to do harmIs often laudable, to do good sometimeAccounted dangerous folly. Why then, alas,Do I put up that womanly defense,To say I have done no harm?     What
                                are these faces?Where is your husband?I hope, in no place so unsanctifiedWhere such as thou mayst find him.     He’s
                                a traitor.Thou liest, thou shag-haired villain!#LBSFORGOLDBless you, fair lady! You don’t know me, but I know
                                you’re an important person. I’m afraid something
                                dangerous is coming toward you. If you’ll take a simple
                                man’s advice, don’t be here when it arrives. Go
                                away and take your children. I feel bad for scaring you like this,
                                but it would be much worse for me to let you come to harm. And harm
                                is getting close! Heaven keep you safe!Where should I go? I haven’t done anything wrong. But I
                                have to remember that I’m here on Earth, where doing evil
                                is often praised, and doing good is sometimes a stupid and dangerous
                                mistake. So then why should I offer this womanish defense that
                                I’m innocent?Who are these men?Where is your husband?I hope he’s not anywhere so disreputable that thugs like
                                you can find him.He’s a traitor.You’re lying, you shaggy-haired villain!