My thought, whose murder yet is but fantastical,Shakes so my single state of manThat function is smothered in surmise,And nothing is but what is not.Look how our partner’s rapt.
(aside) If chance will have me
                                king, why, chance may
                                crown me
Without my stir.
     New
                                honors come upon him,Like our strange garments, cleave not to their moldBut with the aid of use.
(aside)
                                     Come
                                what come may,Time and the hour runs through the roughest day.Worthy Macbeth, we stay upon your leisure.Give me your favor. My dull brain was wroughtWith things forgotten. Kind gentlemen, your painsAre registered where every day I turnThe leaf to read them. Let us toward the king.
(aside to BANQUO) Think upon what hath chanced, and, at
                                more time,The interim having weighed it, let us speakOur free hearts each to other.Very gladly.Till then, enough. (to ROSS and ANGUS) Come, friends.#LBSFORGOLDEven though it’s just a fantasy so far, the mere thought
                                of committing murder shakes me up so much that I hardly know who I
                                am anymore. My ability to act is stifled by my thoughts and
                                speculations, and the only things that matter to me are things that
                                don’t really exist.Look at Macbeth—he’s in a daze.
(to himself) If fate wants me to be
                                king, perhaps fate will just make it happen and I won’t
                                have to do anything.
(to ROSS and ANGUS) Macbeth is not
                                used to his new titles. They’re like new clothes: they
                                don’t fit until you break them in over time.
(to himself) One way or another,
                                what’s going to happen is going to happen.Good Macbeth, we’re ready when you are.I beg your pardon; I was distracted. Kind gentlemen, I
                                won’t forget the trouble you’ve taken for me
                                whenever I think of this day. Let’s go to the king. (speaking so that only BANQUO can hear) Think about what happened
                                today, and when we’ve both had time to consider things,
                                let’s talk.Absolutely.Until then, we’ve said enough. (to ROSS and ANGUS) Let’s go, my friends.