Bring me no more reports. Let them fly all.Till Birnam Wood remove to DunsinaneI cannot taint with fear. What’s the boy Malcolm?Was he not born of woman? The spirits that knowAll mortal consequences have pronounced me thus:“Fear not, Macbeth. No man that’s born of
                                womanShall e'er have power upon thee.” Then fly,
                                false thanes,And mingle with the English epicures.The mind I sway by and the heart I bearShall never sag with doubt nor shake with fear.The devil damn thee black, thou cream-faced loon!Where got’st thou that goose look?There is ten thousand—Geese, villain?Soldiers, sir.Go, prick thy face and over-red thy fear,Thou lily-livered boy. What soldiers, patch?Death of thy soul! Those linen cheeks of thineAre counselors to fear. What soldiers, whey-face?The English force, so please you.Take thy face hence.#LBSFORGOLDDon’t bring me any more reports. I don’t care if
                                all the thanes desert me. Until Birnam Wood gets up and moves to
                                Dunsinane, I won’t be affected by fear. What’s the
                                boy Malcolm? Wasn’t he born from a woman? The spirits that
                                know the future have told me this: “Don’t be
                                afraid, Macbeth. No man born from a woman will ever defeat
                                you.” So get out of here, disloyal thanes, and join the
                                weak and decadent English! My mind and courage will never falter
                                with doubt or shake with fear.May the devil turn you black, you white-faced fool! Why do you
                                look like a frightened goose?There are ten thousand—Geese, you idiot?Soldiers, sir.Go pinch your cheeks and bring some color back into your face, you
                                cowardly boy. What soldiers, fool? Curse you! That pale face of
                                yours will frighten the others as well. What soldiers,
                            milk-face?The English army, sir.Get out of my sight.