     All’s
                                well.I dreamt last night of the three weird sisters:To you they have showed some truth.     I
                                think not of them.Yet, when we can entreat an hour to serve,We would spend it in some words upon that business,If you would grant the time.     At
                                your kind’st leisure.If you shall cleave to my consent, when ’tis,It shall make honor for you.     So
                                I lose noneIn seeking to augment it, but still keepMy bosom franchised and allegiance clear,I shall be counselled.Good repose the while!Thanks, sir: the like to you!
(to the SERVANT) Go bid thy mistress, when my drink is
                                ready,She strike upon the bell. Get thee to bed.Is this a dagger which I see before me,The handle toward my hand? Come, let me clutch thee.I have thee not, and yet I see thee still.Art thou not, fatal vision, sensibleTo feeling as to sight? Or art thou butA dagger of the mind, a false creation,Proceeding from the heat-oppressèd brain?I see thee yet, in form as palpableAs this which now I draw.Thou marshall’st me the way that I was going,And such an instrument I was to use.Mine eyes are made the fools o' th' other
                                senses,Or else worth all the rest. I see thee still,And on thy blade and dudgeon gouts of blood,Which was not so before. There’s no such thing.It is the bloody business which informsThus to mine eyes. Now o'er the one half-worldNature seems dead, and wicked dreams abuseThe curtained sleep. Witchcraft celebratesPale Hecate’s offerings, and withered murder,Alarumed by his sentinel, the wolf,Whose howl’s his watch, thus with his stealthy pace,With Tarquin’s ravishing strides, towards his designMoves like a ghost. Thou sure and firm-set earth,Hear not my steps, which way they walk, for fearThy very stones prate of my whereabout,And take the present horror from the time,Which now suits with it. Whiles I threat, he lives.Words to the heat of deeds too cold breath gives.#LBSFORGOLDEverything’s OK. I had a dream last night about the three
                                witches. At least part of what they said about you was true.I don’t think about them now. But when we have an hour to
                                spare we can talk more about it, if you’re willing.Whenever you like.If you stick with me, when the time comes, there will be something
                                in it for you.I’ll do whatever you say, as long as I can do it with a
                                clear conscience.Rest easy in the meantime.Thank you, sir. You do the same.
(to the SERVANT) Go and tell your mistress to strike
                                the bell when my drink is ready. Get yourself to bed.Is this a dagger I see in front of me, with its handle pointing
                                toward my hand? (to the dagger) Come,
                                let me hold you. (he grabs at the air in
                                    front of him without touching anything) I don’t
                                have you but I can still see you. Fateful apparition, isn’t
                                it possible to touch you as well as see you? Or are you nothing more
                                than a dagger created by the mind, a hallucination from my fevered
                                brain? I can still see you, and you look as real as this other
                                dagger that I’m pulling out now. (he
                                    draws a dagger) You’re leading me toward the
                                place I was going already, and I was planning to use a weapon just
                                like you. My eyesight must either be the one sense that’s
                                not working, or else it’s the only one that’s
                                working right. I can still see you, and I see blood splotches on
                                your blade and handle that weren’t there before. (to himself) There’s no dagger
                                here. It’s the murder I’m about to do
                                that’s making me think I see one. Now half the world is
                                asleep and being deceived by evil nightmares. Witches are offering
                                sacrifices to their goddess Hecate. Old man murder, having been
                                roused by the howls of his wolf, walks silently to his destination,
                                moving like TarquinTarquin was a Roman prince who sneaked into a Roman wife’s bedroom in the middle of the night and raped her.Tarquin, as quiet as a ghost. (speaking to the ground) Hard ground, don’t
                                listen to the direction of my steps. I don’t want you to
                                echo back where I am and break the terrible stillness of this
                                moment, a silence that is so appropriate for what I’m about
                                to do. While I stay here talking, Duncan lives. The more I talk, the
                                more my courage cools.
