Great Glamis, worthy Cawdor,Greater than both, by the all-hail hereafter,Thy letters have transported me beyondThis ignorant present, and I feel nowThe future in the instant.     My
                                dearest love,Duncan comes here tonight.     And
                                when goes hence?Tomorrow, as he purposes.     O,
                                neverShall sun that morrow see!Your face, my thane, is as a book where menMay read strange matters. To beguile the time,Look like the time. Bear welcome in your eye,Your hand, your tongue. Look like th' innocent flower,But be the serpent under ’t. He that’s comingMust be provided for; and you shall putThis night’s great business into my dispatch,Which shall to all our nights and days to comeGive solely sovereign sway and masterdom.We will speak further.Only look up clear.To alter favor ever is to fear.Leave all the rest to me.#LBSFORGOLDGreat thane of Glamis! Worthy thane of Cawdor! You’ll
                                soon be greater than both those titles, once you become king! Your
                                letter has transported me from the present moment, when who knows
                                what will happen, and has made me feel like the future is already
                                here.My dearest love, Duncan is coming here tonight.And when is he leaving?He plans to leave tomorrow.That day will never come. Your face betrays strange feelings, my
                                lord, and people will be able to read it like a book. In order to
                                deceive them, you must appear the way they expect you to look. Greet
                                the king with a welcoming expression in your eyes, your hands, and
                                your words. You should look like an innocent flower, but be like the
                                snake that hides underneath the flower. The king is coming, and
                                he’s got to be taken care of. Let me handle
                                tonight’s preparations, because tonight will change every
                                night and day for the rest of our lives.We will speak about this further.You should project a peaceful mood, because if you look troubled,
                                you will arouse suspicion. Leave all the rest to me.