Whither indeed, before thy here-approach,Old Siward, with ten thousand warlike men,Already at a point, was setting forth.Now we’ll together, and the chance of goodnessBe like our warranted quarrel! Why are you silent?Such welcome and unwelcome things at once'Tis hard to reconcile.Well, more anon.—Comes the king forth, I pray
                            you?Ay, sir; there are a crew of wretched soulsThat stay his cure. Their malady convincesThe great assay of art, but at his touch—Such sanctity hath heaven given his hand—They presently amend.     I
                                thank you, doctor.What’s the disease he means?     'Tis
                                called the evil.A most miraculous work in this good king,Which often since my here-remain in EnglandI have seen him do. How he solicits heaven,Himself best knows, but strangely visited people,All swoll'n and ulcerous, pitiful to the eye,The mere despair of surgery, he cures,Hanging a golden stamp about their necks,Put on with holy prayers. And, ’tis spoken,#LBSFORGOLDIndeed, before you arrived here, old Siward, with ten thousand
                                soldiers already prepared for battle, was making his way here. Now
                                we will fight Macbeth together, and may the chances of our success
                                be as great as the justice of our cause! Why are you silent?It’s hard to make sense of such different stories.Well, we’ll speak more soon. (to
                                    the DOCTOR) Is King
                                Edward coming out?Yes, sir. A crowd of sick people is waiting for him to heal them.
                                Their illness confounds the most advanced techniques of modern
                                medicine, but when he touches them, they heal immediately because of
                                the power granted to him by heaven.Thank you, doctor.What disease is he talking about?It’s called the evil. Edward’s healing touch is
                                a miracle that I have seen him perform many times during my stay in
                                England. How he receives these gifts from heaven, only he can say.
                                But he cures people with strange conditions—all swollen,
                                plagued by ulcers, and pitiful to look at, patients who are beyond
                                the help of surgery—by placing a gold coin around their
                                necks and saying holy prayers over them.