Let us seek out some desolate shade and thereWeep our sad bosoms empty.     Let
                                us ratherHold fast the mortal sword and, like good men,Bestride our downfall'n birthdom. Each new mornNew widows howl, new orphans cry, new sorrowsStrike heaven on the face, that it resoundsAs if it felt with Scotland and yelled outLike syllable of dolor.     What
                                I believe I’ll wail;What know believe, and what I can redress,As I shall find the time to friend, I will.What you have spoke, it may be so perchance.This tyrant, whose sole name blisters our tongues,Was once thought honest. You have loved him well.He hath not touched you yet. I am young, but somethingYou may deserve of him through me, and wisdomTo offer up a weak, poor, innocent lambT' appease an angry god.I am not treacherous.But Macbeth is.A good and virtuous nature may recoilIn an imperial charge. But I shall crave your pardon.That which you are, my thoughts cannot transpose.Angels are bright still, though the brightest fell.Though all things foul would wear the brows of grace,Yet grace must still look so.#LBSFORGOLDLet’s seek out some shady place where we can sit down
                                alone and cry our hearts out.Instead of crying, let’s keep hold of our swords and
                                defend our fallen homeland like honorable men. Each day new widows
                                howl, new orphans cry, and new sorrows slap heaven in the face,
                                until it sounds like heaven itself feels Scotland’s anguish
                                and screams in pain.I will avenge whatever I believe is wrong. And I’ll
                                believe whatever I’m sure is true. And I’ll put
                                right whatever I can when the time comes. What you just said may
                                perhaps be true. This tyrant, whose mere name is so awful it hurts
                                us to say it, was once considered an honest man. You were one of his
                                favorites. He hasn’t done anything to harm you yet.
                                I’m inexperienced, but maybe you’re planning to
                                win Macbeth’s favor by betraying me to him. It would be
                                smart to offer someone poor and innocent like me as a sacrificial
                                lamb to satisfy an angry god like Macbeth.I am not treacherous.But Macbeth is. Even someone with a good and virtuous nature might
                                give way to a royal command. But I beg your pardon. My fears
                                can’t actually make you evil. Angels are still bright even
                                though Lucifer, the brightest angel, fell from heaven. Even though
                                everything evil wants to look good, good still has to look good
                            too.