Wherefore did you so?Who can be wise, amazed, temp'rate, and furious,Loyal and neutral, in a moment? No man.Th' expedition of my violent loveOutrun the pauser, reason. Here lay Duncan,His silver skin laced with his golden blood,And his gashed stabs looked like a breach in natureFor ruin’s wasteful entrance; there, the murderers,Steeped in the colors of their trade, their daggersUnmannerly breeched with gore. Who could refrain,That had a heart to love, and in that heartCourage to make ’s love known?     Help
                                me hence, ho!Look to the lady.
(aside to DONALBAIN ) Why do we hold our tongues,That most may claim this argument for ours?
(aside to MALCOLM) What should be spoken here, where our
                                fate,Hid in an auger-hole, may rush and seize us?Let’s away. Our tears are not yet brewed.
(aside to DONALBAIN) Nor our strong sorrowUpon the foot of motion.     Look
                                to the lady.#LBSFORGOLDWhat did you do that for?Is it possible to be wise, bewildered, calm, furious, loyal, and
                                neutral all at once? Nobody can do that. The violent rage inspired
                                by my love for Duncan caused me to act before I could think
                                rationally and tell myself to pause. There was Duncan, his white
                                skin all splattered with his precious blood. The gashes where the
                                knives had cut him looked like wounds to nature itself. Then right
                                next to him I saw the murderers, dripping with blood, their daggers
                                rudely covered in gore. Who could have restrained himself, who loved
                                Duncan and had the courage to act on it?Help me out of here, quickly!Take care of the lady.
(speaking so that only DONALBAIN
                                    can hear) Why are we keeping
                                quiet? The two of us have the most to say in this matter.
(speaking so that only MALCOLM
                                    can hear) What are we going to
                                say here, where danger may be waiting to strike at us from anywhere?
                                Let’s get out of here. We haven’t even begun to
                                weep yet—but there will be time for that later.
(speaking so that only DONALBAIN
                                    can hear) And the time
                                hasn’t come yet for us to turn our deep grief into
                            action.Take care of the lady.