Speak, if you can: what are you?All hail, Macbeth! Hail to thee, thane of Glamis!All hail, Macbeth! Hail to thee, thane of Cawdor!All hail, Macbeth, that shalt be king hereafter!Good sir, why do you start and seem to fearThings that do sound so fair? (to
                                the WITCHES) I'
                                th' name of truth,Are ye fantastical, or that indeedWhich outwardly ye show? My noble partnerYou greet with present grace and great predictionOf noble having and of royal hope,That he seems rapt withal. To me you speak not.If you can look into the seeds of timeAnd say which grain will grow and which will not,Speak, then, to me, who neither beg nor fearYour favors nor your hate.Hail!Hail!Hail!Lesser than Macbeth and greater.Not so happy, yet much happier.Thou shalt get kings, though thou be none.So all hail, Macbeth and Banquo!#LBSFORGOLDSpeak, if you can. What kind of creatures are you?All hail, Macbeth! Hail to you, thane of Glamis!All hail, Macbeth! Hail to you, thane of Cawdor!All hail, Macbeth, the future king!My dear Macbeth, why do you look so startled and afraid of these
                                nice things they’re saying? (to
                                the WITCHES) Tell me
                                honestly, are you illusions, or are you really what you seem to be?
                                You’ve greeted my noble friend with honors and talk of a
                                future so glorious that you’ve made him speechless. But you
                                don’t say anything to me. If you can see the future and say
                                how things will turn out, tell me. I don’t want your favors
                                and I’m not afraid of your hatred.Hail!Hail!Hail!You are lesser than Macbeth but also greater.You are not as happy as Macbeth, yet much happier.Your descendants will be kings, even though you will not be one.
                                So all hail, Macbeth and Banquo!