If I stand here, I saw him.     Fie,
                                for shame!Blood hath been shed ere now, i' th' olden time,Ere humane statute purged the gentle weal;Ay, and since too, murders have been performedToo terrible for the ear. The time has beenThat, when the brains were out, the man would die,And there an end. But now they rise againWith twenty mortal murders on their crownsAnd push us from our stools. This is more strangeThan such a murder is.My worthy lord,Your noble friends do lack you.     I
                                do forget.Do not muse at me, my most worthy friends.I have a strange infirmity, which is nothingTo those that know me. Come, love and health to all.Then I’ll sit down. Give me some wine. Fill full.I drink to the general joy o' th' whole table,And to our dear friend Banquo, whom we miss;Would he were here! To all and him we thirst,And all to all.     Our
                                duties, and the pledge.#LBSFORGOLDAs sure as I’m standing here, I saw him.Nonsense!In ancient times, before there were laws to make the land safe and
                                peaceful, a lot of blood was spilled. Yes, and since then murders
                                have been committed that are too awful to talk about. It used to be
                                that when you knocked a man’s brains out he would just die,
                                and that would be it. But now they rise from the dead with twenty
                                fatal head wounds and push us off our stools. This haunting business
                                is even stranger than murder.My worthy lord, your noble friends miss your company.I forgot about them. (to the
                                guests) Don’t be alarmed on my account, my most
                                worthy friends. I have a strange disorder, which no longer shocks
                                those who know me well. (raising his glass to
                                    toast the company) Come, let’s drink a toast:
                                love and health to you all. Now I’ll sit down. Give me some
                                wine. Fill up my cup.I drink to the happiness of everyone at the table, and to our dear
                                friend Banquo, whom we miss. I wish he were here! Let’s
                                drink to everyone here, and to Banquo. Now, everybody, drinkHear, hear.