And I must be from thence!My wife killed too?I have said.Be comforted.Let’s make us med'cines of our great revenge,To cure this deadly grief.He has no children. All my pretty ones?Did you say all? O hell-kite! All?What, all my pretty chickens and their damAt one fell swoop?Dispute it like a man.I shall do so,But I must also feel it as a man.I cannot but remember such things wereThat were most precious to me. Did heaven look on,And would not take their part? Sinful Macduff,They were all struck for thee! Naught that I am,Not for their own demerits, but for mine,Fell slaughter on their souls. Heaven rest them now.Be this the whetstone of your sword. Let griefConvert to anger. Blunt not the heart, enrage it.Oh, I could play the woman with mine eyesAnd braggart with my tongue! But, gentle heavens,Cut short all intermission. Front to frontBring thou this fiend of Scotland and myself.Within my sword’s length set him; if he ’scape,Heaven forgive him too.#LBSFORGOLDAnd I had to be away! My wife was killed too?I said she was.Take comfort. Let’s cure this awful grief by taking
                                revenge on Macbeth.He doesn’t have children. All my pretty little children?
                                Did you say all? Oh, that bird from hell! All of them? What, all my
                                children and their mother dead in one fell swoop?Fight it like a man.I will. But I also have to feel it like a man. I can’t
                                help remembering the things that were most precious to me. Did
                                heaven watch the slaughter and not send down any help? Sinful
                                Macduff, they were killed because of you! As wicked as I am, they
                                were slaughtered because of me, not because of anything they did.
                                May God give their souls rest.Let this anger sharpen your sword. Transform your grief into
                                anger. Don’t block the feelings in your heart; let them
                                loose as rage.I could go on weeping like a woman and bragging about how I will
                                avenge them! But gentle heavens, don’t keep me waiting.
                                Bring me face to face with Macbeth, that devil of Scotland. Put him
                                within the reach of my sword, and if he escapes, may heaven forgive
                                him as well!