Gentlemen, rise. His highness is not well.Sit, worthy friends. My lord is often thusAnd hath been from his youth. Pray you, keep seat.The fit is momentary; upon a thoughtHe will again be well. If much you note him,You shall offend him and extend his passion.Feed and regard him not. (aside to
                                    MACBETH) Are you a man?Ay, and a bold one, that dare look on thatWhich might appall the devil.     O
                                proper stuff!This is the very painting of your fear.This is the air-drawn dagger which you saidLed you to Duncan. Oh, these flaws and starts,Impostors to true fear, would well becomeA woman’s story at a winter’s fire,Authorized by her grandam. Shame itself!Why do you make such faces? When all’s done,You look but on a stool.Prithee, see there! Behold! Look! Lo! How say you?Why, what care I? If thou canst nod, speak too.If charnel houses and our graves must sendThose that we bury back, our monumentsShall be the maws of kites.     What,
                                quite unmanned in folly?#LBSFORGOLDGentlemen, stand up. His highness is not well.Sit down, worthy friends. My husband is often like this, and he
                                has been since he was a child. Please stay seated. This is just a
                                brief fit. In a moment he’ll be well again. If you pay too
                                much attention to him you’ll make him angry, and that will
                                make his convulsions go on longer. Eat your dinner and pay no
                                attention to him. (speaking so that
                                only MACBETH can hear) Are
                                you a man?Yes, and a brave one, who dares to look at something that would
                                frighten the devil.Oh, that’s nonsense! This is just another one of the
                                hallucinations you always get when you’re afraid. This is
                                like that floating dagger you said was leading you toward Duncan.
                                These outbursts of yours don’t even look like real fear.
                                They’re more like how you would act if you were a woman
                                telling a scary story by the fireside in front of her grandmother.
                                Shame on you! Why are you making these faces? When the vision
                                passes, you’ll see that you’re just looking at a
                                stool.Please, just look over there. Look! Look! See! (to the GHOST) What do you have to say? What do I care? If you can nod,
                                then speak too. If the dead are going to return from their graves,
                                then there’s nothing to stop the birds from eating the
                                bodies. So there’s no point in our burying people.What, has your foolishness paralyzed you completely?