Why, it stood by her. She has light by her continually.
                                'Tis her command.You see her eyes are open.Ay, but their sense is shut.What is it she does now? Look, how she rubs her hands.It is an accustomed action with her to seem thus washing her
                                hands. I have
known her continue in this a quarter of an hour.
Yet here’s a spot.Hark! She speaks. I will set down what comes from her, to satisfy
                                my
remembrance the more strongly.
Out, damned spot! Out, I say!—One, two. Why, then,
                                ’tis time to do ’t. Hell is
murky!—Fie, my lord, fie! A soldier, and afeard? What
                                need we fear who knows
it, when none can call our power to account?—Yet who
                                would have thought the
old man to have had so much blood in him.
Do you mark that?The thane of Fife had a wife. Where is she now?—What,
                                will these hands ne'er be clean?—No more
                                o' that, my lord, no more o' that. You mar all
                                with this starting.Go to, go to. You have known what you should not.#LBSFORGOLDIt stands by her bedside. She always has to have a light next to
                                her. Those are her orders.You see, her eyes are open.Yes, but they don’t see anything.What’s she doing now? Look how she rubs her hands.She often does that. She looks like she’s washing her
                                hands. I’ve seen her do that before for as long as fifteen
                                minutes.There’s still a spot here.Listen! She’s talking. I’ll write down what she
                                says, so I’ll remember it better.
(rubbing her hands) Come out,
                                damned spot! Out, I command you! One, two. OK, it’s time to
                                do it now.—Hell is murky!—Nonsense, my lord,
                                nonsense! You are a soldier, and yet you are afraid? Why should we
                                be scared, when no one can lay the guilt upon us?—But
                                who would have thought the old man would have had so much blood in
                                him?Did you hear that?The thane of Fife had a wife. Where is she now?—What,
                                will my hands never be clean?—No more of that, my lord,
                                no more of that. You’ll ruin everything by acting startled
                                like this.Now look what you’ve done. You’ve heard
                                something you shouldn’t have.