Methought I heard a voice cry, “Sleep no more!Macbeth does murder sleep”—the innocent
                                sleep,Sleep that knits up the raveled sleave of care,The death of each day’s life, sore labor’s bath,Balm of hurt minds, great nature’s second course,Chief nourisher in life’s feast.     What
                                do you mean?Still it cried, “Sleep no more!” to all
                                the house.“Glamis hath murdered sleep, and therefore CawdorShall sleep no more. Macbeth shall sleep no
                            more.”Who was it that thus cried? Why, worthy thane,You do unbend your noble strength to thinkSo brainsickly of things. Go get some water,And wash this filthy witness from your hand.Why did you bring these daggers from the place?They must lie there. Go carry them and smearThe sleepy grooms with blood.     I’ll
                                go no more:I am afraid to think what I have done;Look on ’t again I dare not.     Infirm
                                of purpose!Give me the daggers. The sleeping and the deadAre but as pictures. 'Tis the eye of childhoodThat fears a painted devil. If he do bleed,I’ll gild the faces of the grooms withal,For it must seem their guilt.#LBSFORGOLDI thought I heard a voice cry, “Sleep no more! Macbeth
                                is murdering sleep.” Innocent sleep. Sleep that soothes
                                away all our worries. Sleep that puts each day to rest. Sleep that
                                relieves the weary laborer and heals hurt minds. Sleep, the main
                                course in life’s feast, and the most nourishing.What are you talking about?The voice kept crying, “Sleep no more!” to
                                everyone in the house. “Macbeth has murdered sleep, and
                                therefore Macbeth will sleep no more.”Who said that? Why, my worthy lord, you let yourself become weak
                                when you think about things in this cowardly way. Go get some water
                                and wash this bloody evidence from your hands. Why did you carry
                                these daggers out of the room? They have to stay there. Go take them
                                back and smear the sleeping guards with the blood.I can’t go back. I’m afraid even to think about
                                what I’ve done. I can’t stand to look at it
                            again.Coward! Give me the daggers. Dead and sleeping people
                                can’t hurt you any more than pictures can. Only children
                                are afraid of scary pictures. If Duncan bleeds I’ll paint
                                the servants' faces with his blood. We must make it seem
                                like they’re guilty.