     Seyton!—I
                                am sick at heart,When I behold—Seyton, I say!—This pushWill cheer me ever, or disseat me now.I have lived long enough. My way of lifeIs fall'n into the sere, the yellow leaf,And that which should accompany old age,As honor, love, obedience, troops of friends,I must not look to have, but, in their stead,Curses, not loud but deep, mouth-honor, breathWhich the poor heart would fain deny and dare not.Seyton!     What’s
                                your gracious pleasure?     What
                                news more?All is confirmed, my lord, which was reported.I’ll fight till from my bones my flesh be hacked.Give me my armor.'Tis not needed yet.I’ll put it on.Send out more horses. Skirr the country round.Hang those that talk of fear. Give me mine armor.How does your patient, doctor?     Not
                                so sick, my lord,As she is troubled with thick-coming fanciesThat keep her from her rest.#LBSFORGOLDSeyton!—I’m sick at heart when I
                                see—Seyton, come here!—This battle will
                                either secure my reign forever or else topple me from the throne. I
                                have lived long enough. The course of my life is beginning to wither
                                and fall away, like a yellowing leaf in autumn. The things that
                                should go along with old age, like honor, love, obedience, and loyal
                                friends, I cannot hope to have. Instead, I have passionate but
                                quietly whispered curses, people who honor me with their words but
                                not in their hearts, and lingering life, which my heart would gladly
                                end, though I can’t bring myself to do it. Seyton!What do you want?Is there more news?All the rumors have been confirmed.I’ll fight until they hack the flesh off my bones. Give
                                me my armor.You don’t need it yet.I’ll put it on anyway. Send out more cavalry. Scour the
                                whole country and hang anyone spreading fear. Give me my armor.
                                    (to the DOCTOR) How is my wife, doctor?She is not sick, my lord, but she is troubled with endless visions
                                that keep her from sleeping.