As whence the sun 'gins his reflectionShipwracking storms and direful thunders break,So from that spring whence comfort seemed to comeDiscomfort swells. Mark, King of Scotland, mark:No sooner justice had, with valor armed,Compelled these skipping kerns to trust their heels,But the Norweyan lord, surveying vantage,With furbished arms and new supplies of men,Began a fresh assault.Dismayed not this our captains, Macbeth and Banquo?Yes, as sparrows eagles, or the hare the lion.If I say sooth, I must report they wereAs cannons overcharged with double cracks,So they doubly redoubled strokes upon the foe.Except they meant to bathe in reeking wounds,Or memorize another Golgotha,I cannot tell—But I am faint, my gashes cry for help.So well thy words become thee as thy wounds;They smack of honor both. Go get him surgeons.Who comes here?     The
                                worthy thane of Ross.What a haste looks through his eyes! So should he lookThat seems to speak things strange.#LBSFORGOLDBut in the same way that violent storms always come just as spring
                                appears, our success against Macdonwald created new problems for us.
                                Listen to this, King: as soon as we sent those Irish soldiers
                                running for cover, the Norwegian king saw his chance to attack us
                                with fresh troops and shiny weapons.Didn’t this frighten our captains, Macbeth and
                            Banquo?The new challenge scared them about as much as sparrows frighten
                                eagles, or rabbits frighten a lion. To tell you the truth, they
                                fought the new enemy with twice as much force as before; they were
                                like cannons loaded with double ammunition. Maybe they wanted to
                                take a bath in their enemies' blood, or make that
                                battlefield as infamous as Golgotha, where Christ was crucified, I
                                don’t know. But I feel weak. My wounds must be tended
                            to.Your words, like your wounds, bring you honor. Take him to the
                                surgeons.Who is this?The worthy Thane“Thane” is a Scottish title of nobility.Thane of Ross.His eyes seem frantic! He looks like someone with a strange tale
                                to tell.