Threescore and ten I can remember well,Within the volume of which time I have seenHours dreadful and things strange, but this sore nightHath trifled former knowings.     Ha,
                                good father,Thou seest the heavens, as troubled with man’s act,Threatens his bloody stage. By th' clock ’tis
                                day,And yet dark night strangles the travelling lamp.Is ’t night’s predominance or the day’s
                                shameThat darkness does the face of Earth entombWhen living light should kiss it?     'Tis
                                unnatural,Even like the deed that’s done. On Tuesday last,A falcon, tow'ring in her pride of place,Was by a mousing owl hawked at and killed.And Duncan’s horses—a thing most strange and
                                certain—Beauteous and swift, the minions of their race,Turned wild in nature, broke their stalls, flung out,Contending 'gainst obedience, as they wouldMake war with mankind.     'Tis
                                said they eat each other.They did so, to th' amazement of mine eyesThat looked upon ’t. Here comes the good Macduff.#LBSFORGOLDI can remember the past seventy years pretty well, and in all that
                                time I have seen dreadful hours and strange things. But last
                                night’s horrors make everything that came before seem like
                                a joke.Ah yes, old man. You can see the skies. They look like
                                they’re upset about what mankind has been doing, and
                                they’re threatening the Earth with storms. The clock says
                                it’s daytime, but dark night is strangling the sun. Is it
                                because night is so strong, or because day is so weak, that darkness
                                covers the earth when it’s supposed to be light?It’s unnatural, just like the murder that has been
                                committed. Last Tuesday a falcon was circling high in the sky, and
                                it was caught and killed by an ordinary owl that usually goes after
                                mice.And something else strange happened. Duncan’s horses,
                                which are beautiful and swift and the best of their breed, suddenly
                                turned wild and broke out of their stalls. Refusing to be obedient
                                as usual, they acted like they were at war with mankind.They say the horses ate each other.I saw it with my own eyes. It was an amazing sight. Here comes the
                                good Macduff.