What had he done to make him fly the land?You must have patience, madam.     He
                                had none.His flight was madness. When our actions do not,Our fears do make us traitors.     You
                                know notWhether it was his wisdom or his fear.Wisdom! To leave his wife, to leave his babes,His mansion and his titles in a placeFrom whence himself does fly? He loves us not;He wants the natural touch. For the poor wren,The most diminutive of birds, will fight,Her young ones in her nest, against the owl.All is the fear and nothing is the love,As little is the wisdom, where the flightSo runs against all reason.     My
                                dearest coz,I pray you school yourself. But for your husband,He is noble, wise, judicious, and best knowsThe fits o' th' season. I dare not speak much
                                further;But cruel are the times when we are traitorsAnd do not know ourselves; when we hold rumorFrom what we fear, yet know not what we fear,But float upon a wild and violent seaEach way and none. I take my leave of you.Shall not be long but I’ll be here again.Things at the worst will cease, or else climb upwardTo what they were before.—My pretty cousin,Blessing upon you.#LBSFORGOLDWhat did he do that made him flee this land?You have to be patient, madam.He had no patience. He was crazy to run away. Even if
                                you’re not a traitor, you’re going to look like
                                one if you run away.You don’t know whether it was wisdom or fear that made
                                him flee.How could it be wisdom! To leave his wife, his children, his
                                house, and his titles in a place so unsafe that he himself flees it!
                                He doesn’t love us. He lacks the natural instinct to
                                protect his family. Even the fragile wren, the smallest of birds,
                                will fight against the owl when it threatens her young ones in the
                                nest. His running away has everything to do with fear and nothing to
                                do with love. And since it’s so unreasonable for him to run
                                away, it has nothing to do with wisdom either.My dearest relative, I’m begging you, pull yourself
                                together. As for your husband, he is noble, wise, and judicious, and
                                he understands what the times require. It’s not safe for me
                                to say much more than this, but times are bad when people get
                                denounced as traitors and don’t even know why. In times
                                like these, we believe frightening rumors but we don’t even
                                know what we’re afraid of. It’s like being tossed
                                around on the ocean in every direction, and finally getting nowhere.
                                I’ll say good-bye now. It won’t be long before
                                I’m back. When things are at their worst they have to stop,
                                or else improve to the way things were before. My young cousin, I
                                put my blessing upon you.