To the succeeding royalty he leavesThe healing benediction. With this strange virtue,He hath a heavenly gift of prophecy,And sundry blessings hang about his throne,That speak him full of grace.     See,
                                who comes here?My countryman, but yet I know him not.My ever-gentle cousin, welcome hither.I know him now.—Good God, betimes removeThe means that makes us strangers!     Sir,
                                amen.Stands Scotland where it did?     Alas,
                                poor country!Almost afraid to know itself. It cannotBe called our mother, but our grave, where nothing,But who knows nothing, is once seen to smile;Where sighs and groans and shrieks that rend the airAre made, not marked; where violent sorrow seemsA modern ecstasy. The dead man’s knellIs there scarce asked for who, and good men’s livesExpire before the flowers in their caps,Dying or ere they sicken.     Oh,
                                relationToo nice and yet too true!#LBSFORGOLDThey say that he bequeaths this ability to heal to his royal
                                descendants. Along with this strange power, he also has the gift of
                                prophecy and various other abilities. All of these signs mark him as
                                a man graced by God.Who’s that coming over here?By his dress I can tell he’s my countryman, but I
                                don’t recognize him.My noble kinsman, welcome.I recognize him now. May God alter the circumstances that keep us
                                apart!Hello, sir.Is Scotland the same as when I left it?Alas, our poor country! It’s too frightened to look at
                                itself. Scotland is no longer the land where we were born;
                                it’s the land where we’ll die. Where no one ever
                                smiles except for the fool who knows nothing. Where sighs, groans,
                                and shrieks rip through the air but no one notices. Where violent
                                sorrow is a common emotion. When the funeral bells ring, people no
                                longer ask who died. Good men die before the flowers in their caps
                                wilt. They die before they even fall sick.Oh, your report is too poetic, but it sounds so true!