Knock, knock! Never at quiet. What are you? But this place is too
                                cold for hell. I’ll devil-porter it no further. I had
                                thought to have let in some of all professions that go the primrose
                                way to the everlasting bonfire.Anon, anon! I pray you, remember the porter.Was it so late, friend, ere you went to bed,That you do lie so late?'Faith sir, we were carousing till the second cock. And
                                drink, sir, is a great provoker of three things.What three things does drink especially provoke?Marry, sir, nose-painting, sleep, and urine. Lechery, sir, it
                                provokes and unprovokes. It provokes the desire, but it takes away
                                the performance. Therefore, much drink may be said to be an
                                equivocator with lechery. It makes him, and it mars him; it sets him
                                on, and it takes him off; it persuades him, and disheartens him;
                                makes him stand to and not stand to; in conclusion, equivocates him
                                in a sleep, and, giving him the lie, leaves him.I believe drink gave thee the lie last night.#LBSFORGOLDKnock, knock! Never a moment of peace! Who are you? Ah, this place
                                is too cold to be hell. I won’t pretend to be the
                                devil’s porter anymore. I was going to let someone from
                                every profession into hell.I’m coming, I’m coming! Please, don’t
                                forget to leave me a tip.Did you go to bed so late, my friend, that you’re having
                                a hard time getting up now?That’s right sir, we were drinking until 3 A.M., and
                                drink, sir, makes a man do three things.What three things does drink make a man do?Drinking turns your nose red, it puts you to sleep, and it makes
                                you urinate. Lust it turns on but also turns off. What I mean is,
                                drinking stimulates desire but hinders performance. Therefore, too
                                much drink is like a con artist when it comes to your sex drive. It
                                sets you up for a fall. It gets you up but it keeps you from getting
                                off. It persuades you and discourages you. It gives you an erection
                                but doesn’t let you keep it, if you see what I’m
                                saying. It makes you dream about erotic experiences, but then it
                                leaves you asleep and needing to pee.I believe drink did all of this to you last night.