
(seeing the GHOST) Avaunt, and quit my sight! Let the
                                earth hide thee.Thy bones are marrowless, thy blood is cold.Thou hast no speculation in those eyesWhich thou dost glare with!     Think
                                of this, good peers,But as a thing of custom. 'Tis no other;Only it spoils the pleasure of the time.What man dare, I dare.Approach thou like the rugged Russian bear,The armed rhinoceros, or th' Hyrcan tiger;Take any shape but that, and my firm nervesShall never tremble. Or be alive again,And dare me to the desert with thy sword.If trembling I inhabit then, protest meThe baby of a girl. Hence, horrible shadow!Unreal mockery, hence!     Why
                                so, being gone,     Why
                                so, being gone,I am a man again. Pray you sit still.You have displaced the mirth, broke the good meeting,With most admired disorder.     Can
                                such things be,And overcome us like a summer’s cloud,Without our special wonder? You make me strangeEven to the disposition that I owe,When now I think you can behold such sights,And keep the natural ruby of your cheeks,When mine is blanched with fear.     What
                                sights, my lord?#LBSFORGOLD
(to the GHOST) Go! And get out of my sight! Stay in your grave.
                                There’s no marrow in your bones, and your blood is cold.
                                You’re staring at me with eyes that have no power to
                            see.Good friends, think of this as nothing more than a strange habit.
                                It’s nothing else. Too bad it’s spoiling our
                                pleasure tonight.I am as brave as any other man. Come at me in the form of a rugged
                                Russian bear, an armor-plated rhinoceros, or a tiger from Iran. Take
                                any shape other than the one you have now and I will never tremble
                                in fear. Or come back to life again and challenge me to a duel in
                                some deserted place. If I tremble then, you can call me a little
                                girl. Get out of here, you horrible ghost, you hallucination. Get
                                out!I am a man again. Pray you sit still.Look, now that it’s gone, I’m a man again.
                                Please, remain seated.You have ruined our good cheer and disrupted the gathering by
                                making a spectacle of yourself.
(to the guests) Can things like
                                this happen so suddenly without making us all astonished? You make
                                me feel like I don’t know myself, when I see you looking at
                                these terrible things and keeping a straight face, while my face has
                                gone white with fear.What things, my lord?