That which hath made them drunk hath made me bold.What hath quenched them hath given me fire.Hark! Peace! It was the owl that shrieked, the fatal bellman,Which gives the stern’st good-night. He is about it.The doors are open, and the surfeited groomsDo mock their charge with snores. I have drugged their possets,That death and nature do contend about them,Whether they live or die.
(within)     Who’s
                                there? What, ho!Alack, I am afraid they have awaked,And ’tis not done. Th' attempt and not the deedConfounds us. Hark! I laid their daggers ready;He could not miss 'em. Had he not resembledMy father as he slept, I had done ’t.     My
                                husband!I have done the deed. Didst thou not hear a noise?I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry.Did not you speak?When?#LBSFORGOLDThe alcohol that got the servants drunk has made me bold. The same
                                liquor that quenched their thirst has fired me up. Listen! Quiet!
                                That was the owl that shrieked, with a scary “good
                                night” like the bells they ring before they execute
                                people. Macbeth must be killing the king right now. The doors to
                                Duncan’s chamber are open, and the drunk servants make a
                                mockery of their jobs by snoring instead of protecting the king. I
                                put so many drugs in their drinks that you can’t tell if
                                they’re alive or dead.
(from offstage) Who’s
                                there? What is it?Oh no, I’m afraid the servants woke up, and the murder
                                didn’t happen. For us to attempt murder and not succeed
                                would ruin us. (She hears a noise.)
                                Listen to that! I put the servants' daggers where Macbeth
                                would find them. He couldn’t have missed them. If Duncan
                                hadn’t reminded me of my father when I saw him sleeping, I
                                would have killed him myself.My husband!I have done the deed. Did you hear a noise?I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry. Didn’t you
                                say something?When?