Why, how couldst thou know these men in Kendal green,
when it was so dark thou couldst not see thy hand? Come,
tell us your reason. What sayest thou to this?
Come, your reason, Jack, your reason.What, upon compulsion? Zounds, an I were at the strappado
or all the racks in the world, I would not tell you on
compulsion. Give you a reason on compulsion? If reasons
were as plentiful as blackberries, I would give no man a
reason upon compulsion, I.
I’ll be no longer guilty of this sin. This sanguine coward, this
bed-presser, this horseback-breaker, this huge hill of flesh—
'Sblood, you starveling, you elfskin, you dried neat’s
tongue, you bull’s pizzle, you stockfish! O, for breath to
utter what is like thee! You tailor’s-yard, you sheath, you
bowcase, you vile standing tuck—
Well, breathe awhile, and then to it again, and when thou
hast tired thyself in base comparisons, hear me speak but
this.
Mark, Jack.We two saw you four set on four, and bound them and were
masters of their wealth. Mark now how a plain tale shall put
you down. Then did we two set on you four and, with a word,
outfaced you from your prize, and have it; yea, and can show
it you here in the house. And, Falstaff, you carried your guts
away as nimbly, with as quick dexterity, and roared for
mercy, and still run and roared, as ever I heard bull-calf.
What a slave art thou to hack thy sword as thou hast done,
and then say it was in fight! What trick, what device, what
starting-hole canst thou now find out to hide thee from this
open and apparent shame?
#LBSFORGOLDWell, how could you know that these men were wearing green when it was so dark you couldn’t see your hand in front of your face? Go ahead, tell us. What do you have to say to that?Come on, tell us, Jack, go on.What, just because you command me? Dammit, if I were being tortured on all the contraptions in the world, I wouldn’t speak just because you commanded. Speak just because you command! If my reasons were as cheap as blackberries, I wouldn’t give away my reasons just because I was commanded. Not I.I’m not going to put up with this any longer. This red-faced coward, this flattener of mattresses, this breaker of horses' backs, this huge hill of flesh—Dammit! You scarecrow, you skin of an elf, you dried-out ox’s tongue, you bull’s penis, you salted cod! Oh, I wish I had enough breath to tell you all the things you are! You yardstick, you empty sheath, you case for a violinist’s bow, you disgusting erect sword—Catch your breath for a moment, then start again. And when you’ve tired yourself with these awful comparisons, listen to me say just one thing.Listen closely, Jack.The two of us saw you four jump four men, tie them up and take their money. Now listen to how the simple truth will shame you. Then the two of us jumped the four of you. And with just a word, we stole your prize from you. Now we have it, and we can show it to you right here in the bar. And Falstaff, you ran away as quickly and as lightfootedly, as a cow from the slaughter, screaming for mercy, as you ran and screamed. What a lowlife you are, to hack up your sword and say it happened in a fight! What outrageous story, what trick, what hiding place can you possibly find to hide you from your open and obvious shame?