Marry, my lord, there is a nobleman of the court at door
would speak with you. He says he comes from your father.
Give him as much as will make him a royal man and send
him back again to my mother.
What manner of man is he?An old man.What doth Gravity out of his bed at midnight? Shall I give
him his answer?
Prithee do, Jack.Faith, and I’ll send him packing.Now, sirs. By 'r lady, you fought fair.—So did you, Peto.—
So did you, Bardolph.—You are lions too. You ran away
upon instinct. You will not touch the true Prince. No, fie!
Faith, I ran when I saw others run.Faith, tell me now in earnest, how came Falstaff’s sword so
hacked?
Why, he hacked it with his dagger and said he would swear
truth out of England but he would make you believe it was
done in fight, and persuaded us to do the like.
Yea, and to tickle our noses with speargrass to make them
bleed, and then to beslubber our garments with it, and swear
it was the blood of true men. I did that I did not this seven
year before: I blushed to hear his monstrous devices.
#LBSFORGOLDIndeed, my lord. There’s a nobleman from the royal court at the door, and he wants to speak with you. He says your father sent him.Give him some coins and send him right back to my mother.What kind of man is he?An old man.What is an old man doing out of bed at midnight? Do you want me to talk to him?Please do, Jack.Truly, I’ll send him on his way.Now, men: by God, you fought well. So did you, Peto, and you, Bardolph. You must be lions, too, since your instinct told you to run away. You wouldn’t touch the true Prince; no, indeed!Honestly, I ran when I saw the others run.Okay, now tell me the truth. How did Falstaff’s sword get broken like that?He hacked away at it with his dagger. He said he would swear up and down to make you believe that it happened in a fight, and he made us do the same.Yes, and he made us rub our noses with rough weeds until they started to bleed, then smear our clothes with the blood and swear that it was from the men we fought. When he told me the crazy things he wanted us to do, I did something I haven’t done in seven years: I blushed.