O villain, thou stolest a cup of sack eighteen years ago, and
wert taken with the manner, and ever since thou hast blushed
extempore. Thou hadst fire and sword on thy side, and yet
thou ran’st away. What instinct hadst thou for it?
My lord, do you see these meteors? Do you behold these
exhalations?
I do.What think you they portend?Hot livers and cold purses.Choler, my lord, if rightly taken.No, if rightly taken, halter.Here comes lean Jack. Here comes bare-bone.—How now,
my sweet creature of bombast? How long is ’t ago, Jack,
since thou sawest thine own knee?
My own knee? When I was about thy years, Hal, I was not
an eagle’s talon in the waist. I could have crept into any
alderman’s thumb-ring. A plague of sighing and grief! It
blows a man up like a bladder. There’s villanous news
abroad. Here was Sir John Bracy from your father. You must
to the court in the morning. That same mad fellow of the
north, Percy, and he of Wales that gave Amamon the
bastinado, and made Lucifer cuckold, and swore the devil
his true liegeman upon the cross of a Welsh hook—what a
plague call you him?
#LBSFORGOLDLiar! You stole a cup of wine eighteen years ago, got caught in the act, and you’ve been blushing ever since. You had your fiery-red face and your weapons going for you, but still you ran away. What instinct made you do that?Sir, do you see these red welts on my face? Do you see these swellings?I do.What do you think they mean?That your temper is hot and your wallet is empty.It means anger, sir, you interpret it correctly.It means you’ll be hanged if the authorities catch you.Here comes skinny Jack; here comes the bag of bones. What’s going on, now, my sweet windbag? How long has it been, Jack, since you saw your own knees?My own knees? When I was your age, Hal, my waist was as skinny as an eagle’s talon; I could have crawled through a councilman’s thumb ring. But damn all that sighing and sadness! It blows a man up like a balloon. There’s bad news out there. That was Sir John Bracy, sent by your father. You have to go to court in the morning. Percy, that mad man from up north, and that Welshman who gave AmamonAmamon = the name of a devilAmamon a beating, and stole Lucifer’s wife, and made a pact to be the devil’s master—what’s his name again?