Why, then, it is like if there come a hot June, and this civil
buffeting hold, we shall buy maidenheads as they buy hob-
nails, by the hundreds.
By the Mass, thou sayest true. It is like we shall have good
trading that way. But tell me, Hal, art not thou horrible
afeard? Thou being heir apparent, could the world pick thee
out three such enemies again as that fiend Douglas, that
spirit Percy, and that devil Glendower? Art thou not horribly
afraid? Doth not thy blood thrill at it?
Not a whit, i' faith; I lack some of thy instinct.Well, thou wert be horribly chid tomorrow when thou
comest to thy father. If thou love me, practice an answer.
Do thou stand for my father and examine me upon the
particulars of my life.
Shall I? Conten. This chair shall be my state, this dagger my
scepter, and this cushion my crown.
Thy state is taken for a joined stool, thy golden scepter for
a leaden dagger, and thy precious rich crown for a pitiful
bald crown.
Well, an the fire of grace be not quite out of thee, now shalt
thou be moved.—Give me a cup of sack to make my eyes
look red, that it may be thought I have wept, for I must speak
in passion, and I will do it in King Cambyses' vein.
Well, here is my leg.#LBSFORGOLDIf that’s the case, then when the weather gets hot and the civil warHal is referring to the common wartime practice of rape.civil war has really broken out, we can buy women’s virtues the way other people buy nails: by the hundreds.By God, lad, you tell the truth. We’ll probably have good luck in that area. But Hal, aren’t you scared? You’re the heir apparent. Can you imagine three worse enemies than that demon Douglas, that spirit Percy, and that devil Glendower? Aren’t you horribly scared? Isn’t your blood running cold at the thought?Not in the least, truly: I don’t have your instinct.Well, you’ll be rebuked horribly when you see your father tomorrow. If you love me, practice a response.You pretend to be my father; ask me about the details of my life.Really? Excellent! This chair will be my throne, this dagger my scepter, and this cushion will be my crown.Your throne is a wooden stool, your gold scepter is a dagger of lead, and your precious, expensive crown is a lousy bald head.If you still have a shred of divine grace in you, you’ll be moved by this. Give me some wine to make my eyes bloodshot, so that it looks like I’ve been crying. I must speak with passion, and I’ll do it like King CambysesKing Cambyses was a character in a play, known for being loud, melodramatic, and over the top.King Cambyses.Well then, I’ll bow to you.