And here is my speech. Stand aside, nobility.O Jesu, this is excellent sport, i' faith!Weep not, sweet queen, for trickling tears are vain.O the father, how he holds his countenance!For God’s sake, lords, convey my tristful queen,For tears do stop the floodgates of her eyes.O Jesu, he doth it as like one of these harlotry players as everI see.Peace, good pint-pot. Peace, good tickle-brain.— (to PRINCE
HENRY ) Harry, I do not only marvel where thou spendest thy
time, but also how thou art accompanied. For though the
camomile, the more it is trodden on, the faster it grows, so
youth, the more it is wasted, the sooner it wears. That thou
art my son I have partly thy mother’s word, partly my own
opinion, but chiefly a villanous trick of thine eye and a
foolish-hanging of thy nether lip that doth warrant me. If
then thou be son to me, here lies the point: why, being son
to me, art thou so pointed at? Shall the blessed sun of heaven
prove a micher and eat blackberries? A question not to be
asked. Shall the sun of England prove a thief and take
purses? A question to be asked. There is a thing, Harry,
which thou hast often heard of, and it is known to many in
our land by the name of pitch: this pitch, as ancient writers
do report, doth defile; so doth the company thou keepest.
For, Harry, now I do not speak to thee, in drink but in tears;
not in pleasure, but in passion; not in words only, but in woes
also. And yet there is a virtuous man whom I have often
noted in thy company, but I know not his name.
#LBSFORGOLDAnd I’ll speak to you. Step aside, gentlemen.Oh, Jesus! This is an excellent game, truly!Don’t cry, sweet queen; your trickling tears do no good.Oh Lord, look how well he’s keeping it up!For God’s sake, gentlemen; take my queen away from here. The floodgates of her eyes are being overwhelmed by her tears.My God! He’s just as good as those silly old professional actors!Quiet, little ale pot. Quiet, little booze-brain. (to PRINCE HENRY) Harry, I am not only amazed at where you are spending your time, but whom you’re spending it with. They say that stepping on a chamomile plant will make it grow faster. But when it comes to youth, the more it is wasted, the faster is wears away. I know you are my son. Your mother says so, I believe so, and the wicked glint in your eye and foolish expression on your face prove it. If it’s true that you are my son, then here is my point: why, since you are my son, do so many people point at you? Should the blessed sun in heaven waste its time eating blackberries? That is not a question worth asking. Should the son of the king of England become a thief and steal wallets? That is worth asking. Harry, you’ve heard of a substance known as pitch. Pitchpitch = sticky tarPitch, as the wise men tell us, makes one filthy, and so does the company you keep. Harry, I speak to you not drunk but weeping, not in happiness but in anger, not just in words but also in sadness. And yet, there is a very good and pious man whom I’ve often seen you with, but I do not know his name.