What manner of man, an it like your Majesty?A goodly portly man, i' faith, and a corpulent; of a cheerful
look, a pleasing eye, and a most noble carriage, and, as I
think, his age some fifty, or, by 'r Lady, inclining to three
score; and now I remember me, his name is Falstaff. If that
man should be lewdly given, he deceiveth me, for, Harry, I
see virtue in his looks. If then the tree may be known by the
fruit, as the fruit by the tree, then peremptorily I speak it:
there is virtue in that Falstaff; him keep with, the rest banish.
And tell me now, thou naughty varlet, tell me, where hast
thou been this month?
Dost thou speak like a king? Do thou stand for me, and I’ll
play my father.
Depose me? If thou dost it half so gravely, so majestically,
both in word and matter, hang me up by the heels for a rabbit-
sucker or a poulter’s hare.
Well, here I am set.And here I stand. — (to the others) Judge, my masters.Now, Harry, whence come you?My noble lord, from Eastcheap.The complaints I hear of thee are grievous.#LBSFORGOLDWhat kind of man, your highness?A stout man, truly; and overweight. He has a cheerful expression, a handsome look, and a noble bearing. I think he is about fifty years old, or perhaps closer to sixty. Now I remember! His name is Falstaff. If that man has a bad character, then I have been fooled. Harry, I see goodness in him. If one can tell a tree by its fruit, and a fruit by its tree, then let me come right out and say this: there is goodness in that Falstaff. Stay with him, but get rid of everyone else. Now tell me, you naughty boy, tell me; where have you been for the past month?You think you sound like a king? You play me, and I’ll play my father.You’re overthrowing me? If you play him even half as well as I did, half as majestically, then hang me up like a rabbit for sale in a butcher shop.I’m all set.As am I. (to the others) Judge us, everyone.Now, Harry, where are you coming from?From Eastcheap, my noble lord.The complaints I have heard about you are very serious.