Peace, cousin Percy. You will make him mad.I can call spirits from the vasty deep.Why, so can I, or so can any man,But will they come when you do call for them?Why, I can teach you, cousin, to command the devil.And I can teach thee, coz, to shame the devilBy telling truth. Tell truth and shame the devil.If thou have power to raise him, bring him hither,And I’ll be sworn I have power to shame him hence.O, while you live, tell truth and shame the devil!Come, come, no more of this unprofitable chat.Three times hath Henry Bolingbroke made headAgainst my power; thrice from the banks of WyeAnd sandy-bottomed Severn have I sent himBootless home and weather-beaten back.Home without boots, and in foul weather too!How ’scapes he agues, in the devil’s name?Come, here’s the map. Shall we divide our rightAccording to our threefold order ta'en?The Archdeacon hath divided itInto three limits very equally:England, from Trent and Severn hitherto,By south and east is to my part assigned;#LBSFORGOLDStop now, kinsman Percy. You will upset him.I can summon spirits from the deep ocean.Why, so can I, and so can any other man! But will they come when you summon them?Why, kinsman, I can teach you to command the devil.And I can teach you, kinsman, how to shame the devil—by telling the truth! “Tell the truth and shame the devil,” as the old saying goes. If you do have the power to call him up, then bring him here. And I’ll swear I have the power to shame him into leaving. Oh, for goodness sake, tell the truth and shame the devil!Enough already; stop this useless talking.Three times now, Henry Bolingbroke has raised an army against mine. And three times, I turned him back from the banks of the River Wye, and the sandy-bottomed River Severn. I sent him home, bootlessbootless = unsuccessfulbootless and beaten by foul weather.You sent him home without his boots, and in foul weather? How in the devil’s name did he avoid catching fevers?All right, here’s the map. Shall we divide up our territories according to our three-way agreement?The ArchdeaconThe Archdeacon isn’t mentioned anywhere else in the text, but according to the historical chronicle, this meeting took place at the home of the Archdeacon of Bangor.Archdeacon has divided the land into three very equal parts. All of England southeast of the Trent and Severn rivers goes to me.