All westward, Wales beyond the Severn shore,And all the fertile land within that boundTo Owen Glendower; and, dear coz, to youThe remnant northward, lying off from Trent.And our indentures tripartite are drawn,Which being sealèd interchangeably—A business that this night may execute—Tomorrow, cousin Percy, you and IAnd my good Lord of Worcester will set forthTo meet your father and the Scottish power,As is appointed us, at Shrewsbury.My father Glendower is not ready yet,Not shall we need his help these fourteen days.
(to GLENDOWER ) Within that space you may have drawn togetherYour tenants, friends, and neighboring gentlemen.A shorter time shall send me to you, lords,And in my conduct shall your ladies come,From whom you now must steal and take no leave,For there will be a world of water shedUpon the parting of your wives and you.Methinks my moiety, north from Burton here,In quantity equals not one of yours.See how this river comes me cranking inAnd cuts me from the best of all my landA huge half-moon, a monstrous cantle out.I’ll have the current in this place dammed up,And here the smug and silver Trent shall runIn a new channel, fair and evenly.It shall not wind with such a deep indent,To rob me of so rich a bottom here.Not wind? It shall, it must. You see it doth.#LBSFORGOLDAll of Wales, and everything west of the Severn—including all the fertile land within those boundaries—goes to Owen Glendower. And, my dear kinsman, you get everything that remains to the north, coming up from the Trent. Our agreement is drawn up in triplicate. We can all sign it tonight, and then, kinsman Percy, tomorrow you, me, and Worcester will set off to meet your father and the Scottish army at Shrewsbury, as planned. My father-in-law Glendower isn’t ready yet, but we won’t need his army for another two weeks. (to GLENDOWER) By that time, you will have raised an army of the farmers on your land, your allies, and your neighbors.I’ll be ready sooner than that, my lords; and I’ll bring your wives along with me. You should sneak away from them now, and leave without saying goodbye. Otherwise, they’ll cry an ocean of tears when you leave them.I think my share, north of Burton here, isn’t as big as any of yours. Look how this river swoops in. It cuts out a huge chunk of my best land, in the shape of a half-moon. I’ll have a dam built. I’ll re-route the Trent River so it won’t go winding so far into my land and rob me of a fertile valley.It won’t go winding? It will. It must. You see that it does.