I will redeem all this on Percy’s head,And, in the closing of some glorious day,Be bold to tell you that I am your son,When I will wear a garment all of bloodAnd stain my favors in a bloody mask,Which, washed away, shall scour my shame with it.And that shall be the day, whene'er it lights,That this same child of honor and renown,This gallant Hotspur, this all-praisèd knight,And your unthought-of Harry chance to meet.For every honor sitting on his helm,Would they were multitudes, and on my headMy shames redoubled! For the time will comeThat I shall make this northern youth exchangeHis glorious deeds for my indignities.Percy is but my factor, good my lord,To engross up glorious deeds on my behalf.And I will call him to so strict accountThat he shall render every glory up,Yea, even the slightest worship of his time,Or I will tear the reckoning from his heart.This in the name of God I promise here,The which if He be pleased I shall perform,I do beseech your Majesty may salveThe long-grown wounds of my intemperance.If not, the end of life cancels all bands,And I will die a hundred thousand deathsEre break the smallest parcel of this vow.A hundred thousand rebels die in this.Thou shalt have charge and sovereign trust herein.#LBSFORGOLD glorious victory, I’ll come to you and proudly say that I am your son. I will wear a garment made of blood, and my face will be stained by a bloody mask which, when washed away, will clean me of my shame. This will be the day, whenever it happens, that this famous and honored child—this brave Hotspur, this highly praised knight—will meet your disregarded Harry in battle.I wish that every honor he’s earned were multiplied, and that every one of my shames were doubled. For the time will come when I’ll make this youth from the north exchange his glorious deeds for my embarrassments. Percy is working for me, my lord. He’s collecting glories on my behalf, and I’m going to hold him strictly accountable for them. He’ll either have to surrender every last one of those glories to me, no matter how small, or I’ll tear them right out of his heart.This I promise you, in the name of God. And if God allows me to do these things, then I beg you to heal the wound caused by my long years of bad behavior. If not, then my death will cancel all my debts. I would rather die a hundred-thousand deaths than break even the smallest part of this promise.Through this vow, a hundred-thousand rebels are killed. You will be given a position of command, and absolute trust in this undertaking.