You lie, hostess. Bardolph was shaved and lost many a hair;
and I’ll be sworn my pocket was picked. Go to, you are a
woman, go.
Who, I? No; I defy thee! God’s light, I was never called so
in mine own house before.
Go to, I know you well enough.No, Sir John, you do not know me, Sir John. I know you, Sir
John. You owe me money, Sir John, and now you pick a
quarrel to beguile me of it. I bought you a dozen of shirts to
your back.
Dowlas, filthy dowlas. I have given them away to bakers'
wives; they have made bolters of them.
Now, as I am a true woman, holland of eight shillings an ell.
You owe money here besides, Sir John, for your diet and by-
drinkings, and money lent you, four and twenty pound.

(points at BARDOLPH) He had his part of it. Let him pay.He? Alas, he is poor. He hath nothing.How, poor? Look upon his face. What call you rich? Let
them coin his nose. Let them coin his cheeks. I’ll not pay a
denier. What, will you make a younker of me? Shall I not
take mine case in mine inn but I shall have my pocket
picked? I have lost a seal ring of my grandfather’s worth
forty mark.
O Jesu, I have heard the Prince tell him, I know not how oft,
that that ring was copper!
#LBSFORGOLDYou lie! Bardolph got a shave here, and he lost a lot of hair. And I swear my pocket was picked. To hell with you, you’re a woman. To hell with you.Who, me? No, I say. By God, I’ve never been called such a thing in my own tavern before.Oh come on, I know all about you.No, Sir John; you don’t know me, Sir John. I know you, Sir John. You owe me money, Sir John, and now you’re making a fuss so that you can cheat me out of it. I have bought you a dozen shirts to wear.Junk, cheap junk. I gave them away to bakers' wives, to sift flour with.I swear, as an honest woman, that they were made of expensive fabric, eight shillings an ellell = measurement of 45 inchesell. Besides, you owe me money for food and drink, plus twenty-four pounds I lent you.
(points at BARDOLPH) He had some of it. Let him pay.Him? He’s poor, he has nothing.What? Poor? Look at his face. What do you call rich? They could make coins from his nose, mint his cheeks. I won’t pay a denierdenier = a French copper coin, worth very littledenier. You think I’m a rube? What, I can’t relax at a tavern without getting my pocket picked? I lost my grandfather’s sealing ring, worth forty marks.Jesus! I’ve heard the Prince tell him countless times that ring was only made out of copper.