Yea, for obtaining of suits, whereof the hangman hath
no lean wardrobe. 'Sblood, I am as melancholy as a gib cat or
a lugged bear.
Or an old lion, or a lover’s lute.Yea, or the drone of a Lincolnshire bagpipe.What sayest thou to a hare, or the melancholy ofMoorditch?Thou hast the most unsavory similes, and art indeed the most
comparative, rascaliest, sweet young Prince. But, Hal, I
comparative, rascaliest, sweet young Prince. But, Hal, I
prithee trouble me no more with vanity. I would to God thou
and I knew where a commodity of good names were to be
bought. An old lord of the council rated me the other day in
the street about you, sir, but I marked him not, and yet he
talked very wisely, but I regarded him not, and yet he talked
wisely, and in the street, too.
Thou didst well, for wisdom cries out in the streets and no
man regards it.
O, thou hast damnable iteration, and art indeed able to
corrupt a saint. Thou hast done much harm upon me, Hal,
God forgive thee for it. Before I knew thee, Hal, I knew
nothing, and now am I, if a man should speak truly, little
better than one of the wicked. I must give over this life, and
I will give it over. By the Lord, an I do not, I am a villain.
I’ll be damned for never a king’s son in Christendom.
#LBSFORGOLDExactly. I’ve got plenty of those, just like the hangman has plenty of suits—the suits he takes off the dead men he hangs.—Damn, I’m as depressed as a tomcat or a dancing bear in chains.Or an old lion, or a guitar playing a sad lovesong.Or the wailing of a bagpipe.How about a rabbit, or a trip to Moorditch?In Shakespeare’s time it was believed that eating rabbit caused depression. Moorditch was an open ditch that served as London’s main sewer channel.Moorditch?
You have a knack for foul images. You are the most metaphorical and rascally, sweet young Prince. But Hal, please stop corrupting me with frivolous matters. I wish to God that you and I knew where we could buy a supply of good reputations. The other day, an elderly lord on the King’s Council came up to me in the street and lectured me about you, but I didn’t pay any attention. He spoke wisely, but I ignored him. But he made sense, and in the street, too.You did well. You know the scripture: “Wisdom cries out in the street but no man listens.”Oh, you have a wicked talent for wrongly quoting scripture, you really could corrupt a saint. You’ve deeply harmed me, Hal, and God forgive you for it! Before I met you, I was innocent. And now, if I can speak truly, I’m no better than a sinner. I’ve got to change my life, and I will change my life, by God. If I don’t, I’m an evildoer. I won’t be damned, not for any king’s son in the universe.