O, if it should, how would thy guts fall about thy knees! But,
sirrah, there’s no room for faith, truth, nor honesty in this
bosom of thine. It is all filled up with guts and midriff.
Charge an honest woman with picking thy pocket? Why,
thou whoreson, impudent, embossed rascal, if there were
anything in thy pocket but tavern reckonings,
memorandums of bawdy houses, and one poor pennyworth,
of sugar candy to make thee long-winded, if thy pocket were
enriched with any other injuries but these, I am a villain. And,
yet you will stand to it! You will not pocket up wrong! Art
thou not ashamed?
Dost thou hear, Hal? Thou knowest in the state of innocency
Adam fell, and what should poor Jack Falstaff do in the days
of villany? Thou seest I have more flesh than another man
and therefore more frailty. You confess, then, you picked my
pocket?
It appears so by the story.Hostess, I forgive thee. Go make ready breakfast, love thy,
husband, look to thy servants, cherish thy guests. Thou shalt
find me tractable to any honest reason. Thou seest I am
pacified still. Nay, prithee, be gone.
Now, Hal, to the news at court. For the robbery, lad, how is that
answered?
O, my sweet beef, I must still be good angel to thee. The
money is paid back again.
O, I do not like that paying back. 'Tis a double labor.#LBSFORGOLDOh, but if it did, your guts would fall down to your knees! Sirrah, there’s no room in your chest for trustworthiness, truthfulness, or honesty. It’s all filled up with guts and stomach. Accuse an honest woman of picking your pocket? You son of a whore; you rude, bloated cheat. I’ll be damned if there was anything in your pocket besides tavern bills, notes about whorehouses, and a penny’s worth of candy for energy. If you had anything else in your pockets, then I’m a liar; yet you stand by your lies. You won’t even try to hide how bad you are. Aren’t you ashamed of yourself?Don’t you know, Hal? Adam fell from grace when the world was innocent. What should poor Jack Falstaff do, now that the world is wicked? You see I have more flesh than other men. It follows that I’m more fallible than other men.—So you’re confessing to picking my pocket?It looks that way.Hostess, I forgive you. Go get breakfast ready; love your husband; tend to your servants; cherish your guests. You’ll find me a perfectly reasonable man. See? I’m calm, as always. Now please, get going!Now Hal, what’s the news at court? What ever happened about our robbery?I’m your guardian angel again, you fresh piece of meat. The money’s been paid back.I don’t like that “paying back.” It means twice the work!