What, Hal, how now, mad wag? What a devil dost thou in
Warwickshire?—My good Lord of Westmoreland, I cry you
mercy: I thought your Honor had already been at
Shrewsbury.
Faith, Sir John,’tis more than time that I were there and you
too, but my powers are there already. The King, I can tell
you, looks for us all. We must away all night.
Tut, never fear me. I am as vigilant as a cat to steal cream.I think to steal cream indeed, for thy theft hath already made
thee butter. But tell me, Jack, whose fellows are these that
come after?
Mine, Hal, mine.I did never see such pitiful rascals.Tut, tut, good enough to toss; food for powder, food for
powder. They’ll fill a pit as well as better. Tush, man,
mortal men, mortal men.
Ay, but, Sir John, methinks they are exceeding poor and
bare, too beggarly.
Faith, for their poverty, I know not where they had that, and
for their bareness, I am sure they never learned that of me.
No, I’ll be sworn, unless you call three fingers in the ribs
bare. But, sirrah, make haste. Percy is already in the field.
#LBSFORGOLDHello there, Hal, you crazy boy! What in the devil’s name are you doing in Warwickshire? And Lord Westmoreland, I beg your pardon. I thought you were already at Shrewsbury.You’re right, Sir John; it’s about time I got there, and you, too. But my army’s already there. The King is waiting for us, so we must march all night.Don’t worry about me. I’m as focused as a cat looking for cream to steal.Steal cream is right—you’ve stolen so much that it’s turned you into butter. But tell me, Jack, whose soldiers are those?Mine, Hal, mine.I never saw such pitiful-looking losers.Now, now: they’re good enough to die. Cannon fodder, cannon fodder—they’ll fill a mass grave as well as better men would. They’re just men, just men.Maybe so, Sir John, but I think they look terribly poor and bare; they look like beggars.Well, I don’t know where they got their poverty, but their bareness—or their bare-bonedness—well, they didn’t get that from me.That’s for sure. Unless you think several inches of fat over your ribs makes you “bare-boned.” But hurry up, sirrah: Percy is already at the battlefield.