The Prince of Wales doth join with all the worldIn praise of Henry Percy. By my hopes,This present enterprise set off his head,I do not think a braver gentleman,More active-valiant, or more valiant-young,More daring or more bold, is now aliveTo grace this latter age with noble deeds.For my part, I may speak it to my shame,I have a truant been to chivalry,And so I hear he doth account me too.Yet this before my father’s majesty:I am content that he shall take the oddsOf his great name and estimation,And will, to save the blood on either side,Try fortune with him in a single fight.And, Prince of Wales, so dare we venture thee,Albeit considerations infiniteDo make against it.—No, good Worcester, no,We love our people well, even those we loveThat are misled upon your cousin’s part.And, will they take the offer of our grace,Both he and they and you, yea, every manShall be my friend again, and I’ll be his.So tell your cousin, and bring me wordWhat he will do. But if he will not yield,Rebuke and dread correction wait on us,And they shall do their office. So begone.We will not now be troubled with reply.We offer fair. Take it advisedly.It will not be accepted, on my life.The Douglas and the Hotspur both togetherAre confident against the world in arms.#LBSFORGOLDin praising Henry Percy. Except for his current endeavor, I don’t think there’s a man alive who is braver, more heroic, more daring, or more bold.As for me, I’m ashamed to admit that I’ve shirked my responsibilities. I hear that he agrees with me on that point. And yet—and I say this in front of my father—in order to avoid casualties on both sides, I want to challenge him in hand-to-hand combat. And I’m content to admit that, based on his good name and reputation, he’s the favorite to win.Prince of Wales, I’d support that idea, except that there are countless reasons why I shouldn’t. No, Worcester, no. I love my subjects, even those who have mistakenly followed your nephew’s lead. If they accept our pardon, then he, you, and they will all be my friends again, and I’ll be theirs. Tell your nephew this, and bring back his answer.But if he doesn’t surrender, he will be rebuked and harshly punished. So, be gone. I don’t want to hear anymore from you now. I offer a fair deal; I advise you to accept it.He won’t accept. I’ll bet my life on it. Douglas and Hotspur are convinced that they could take on the whole world together.