I care not.Sir John, I prithee, leave the Prince and me alone. I will lay
him down such reasons for this adventure that he shall go.
Well, God give thee the spirit of persuasion, and him the ears
of profiting, that what thou speakest may move, and what he
hears may be believed, that the true prince may, for
recreation sake, prove a false thief, for the poor abuses of the
time want countenance. Farewell. You shall find me in
Eastcheap.
Farewell, thou latter spring. Farewell, All-hallown summer.Now, my good sweet honey lord, ride with us tomorrow. I
have a jest to execute that I cannot manage alone. Falstaff,
Peto, Bardolph, and Gadshill shall rob those men that we
have already waylaid. Yourself and I will not be there. And
when they have the booty, if you and I do not rob them, cut
this head off from my shoulders.
How shall we part with them in setting forth?Why, we will set forth before or after them, and appoint them
a place of meeting, wherein it is at our pleasure to fail; and
then will they adventure upon the exploit themselves, which
they shall have no sooner achieved but we’ll set upon them.
Yea, but ’tis like that they will know us by our horses, by our
habits, and by every other appointment to be ourselves.
#LBSFORGOLDI don’t care.Sir John, do me a favor: leave me and the Prince alone. I’ll spell out such good reasons for this adventure, he’s sure to join.May God give you the power of persuasion and him the good sense to listen, so that what you say will affect him and what he hears will sink in. This way, the true prince will turn into false thief, just for laughs. After all, all the poor, little vices of the age need encouragement. So long; you’ll find me in Eastcheap.
FarewellHal is teasing Falstaff for acting like a teenager, even though he’s an old man.Farewell, you second spring! Farewell, you summer-in-November!Now, my good sweet honey sir, come with us tomorrow. I have an idea for a practical joke, and I can’t do it by myself. Falstaff, Peto, Bardolph, and Mr. Gadshill will rob the travelers we’re planning to ambush, but you and I won’t be there. If you and I don’t rob them once they have the loot, then chop off my head!But we’re all planning to leave together. How will you and I separate ourselves?We’ll leave before them, or after them. We’ll tell them to meet us someplace, but then we won’t show up. They’ll pull off the robbery by themselves, and the second they’ve done it, we’ll attack them.Sure, but they’ll recognize our horses, our clothes, and all our other things.