What, stand’st thou idle here? Lend me thy sword.Many a nobleman lies stark and stiffUnder the hoofs of vaunting enemies,Whose deaths are yet unrevenged. I prithee,Lend me thy sword.O Hal, I prithee, give me leave to breathe awhile. Turk Gregory never did such deeds in arms as I have done this day. I have paid Percy; I have made him sure.He is indeed, and living to kill thee.I prithee, lend me thy sword.Nay, before God, Hal, if Percy be alive, thou gett’st not my sword; but take my pistol, if thou wilt.Give it to me. What, is it in the case?Ay, Hal, ’tis hot, ’tis hot. There’s that will sack a city. (
PRINCEHENRY draws it out and finds it to be a bottle of sack)
What, is it a time to jest and dally now?Well, if Percy be alive, I’ll pierce him. If he do come in my
way, so; if he do not, if I come in his willingly, let him make
a carbonado of me. I like not such grinning honor as Sir
Walter hath. Give me life, which if I can save, so: if not,
honor comes unlooked for, and there’s an end.
#LBSFORGOLDWhat, are you standing here doing nothing? Give me your sword. Many good men are lying cold and dead on the ground, with the enemy’s horses galloping over them. Their deaths have not been revenged. Come, give me your sword.Oh, Hal, please, give me a moment to catch my breath. No one has ever fought as heroically as I did today. I’ve killed Percy, I’ve made him safe.You’re right; he’s safe, and now he’s coming to kill you. Now please, give me your sword.No, Hal, I swear to God! If Percy’s alive, you’re not taking my sword. But you can have my gun, if you want.Give it to me. Is it in its holster?Yup. It’s hot, hot; it could sack“Sack” is a pun, meaning both “ransack” and a kind of white wine.sack a city. (
PRINCE HENRY 
 opens the holster and finds a bottle of white wine)
Is this a time to joke and fool around?If Percy’s alive, I’ll pierce him. If he runs into me, fine. If he doesn’t run into me, but I run into him, let him slice me like a butcher. I don’t want the kind of honor Sir Walter has: give me life. If I manage to save my life, fine. If not, I’ll have honor that I never looked for, and that’ll be that.