All studies here I solemnly defy,Save how to gall and pinch this Bolingbroke.And that same sword-and-buckler Prince of Wales—But that I think his father loves him notAnd would be glad he met with some mischance—I would have him poisoned with a pot of ale.Farewell, kinsman. I’ll talk to youWhen you are better tempered to attend.
(to HOTSPUR) Why, what a wasp-stung and impatient foolArt thou to break into this woman’s mood,Tying thine ear to no tongue but thine own!Why, look you, I am whipped and scourged with rods,Nettled and stung with pismires, when I hearOf this vile politician, Bolingbroke.In Richard’s time—what do you call the place?A plague upon it! It is in Gloucestershire.'Twas where the madcap duke his uncle kept,His uncle York; where I first bowed my kneeUnto this king of smiles, this Bolingbroke.'Sblood, when you and he came back from Ravenspurgh.At Berkley Castle.You say true.Why, what a candy deal of courtesyThis fawning greyhound then did proffer me:“Look when his infant fortune came to age,”And “gentle Harry Percy,” and “kind cousin.”O, the devil take such cozeners!—God forgive me!Good uncle, tell your tale. I have done.#LBSFORGOLDFrom now on, all other pursuits I’ll cast aside, except for scheming how to aggravate this Bolingbroke and his son, the lowlife Prince of Wales. If it weren’t for the fact that I suspect Henry doesn’t love his son, and that he’d be glad to see misfortune befall him, I’d poison the Prince’s ale.Goodbye, nephew. I’ll talk to you when you’re in a better mood to listen.
(to HOTSPUR)You are an impatient and short-tempered fool to
								start nattering on like a woman, not listening to any voice but your own!Listen, I feel like I’m being whipped with sticks and stung by ants when I hear about this vile politician, Bolingbroke. When Richard was alive—what is that place called? Damn, it’s in Gloucestershire; it’s where that crazy duke’s uncle lived, his uncle York. It’s where I first met this lying Bolingbroke, and bowed to him.—Shoot!—It happened when you and Bolingbroke came back from Ravenspurgh.
At Berkley castle.Right. What great courtesy that flattering dog paid me! “The promise of his childhood has come true,” he said. “Gentle Harry Percy,” he called me, and “kind kinsman.” To hell with liars like him! — I’m sorry. Uncle, go on. I’m done.