Here is a dear, a true-industrious friend,Sir Walter Blunt, new lighted from his horse.Stained with the variation of each soilBetwixt that Holmedon and this seat of ours,And he hath brought us smooth and welcome news.The Earl of Douglas is discomfited;Ten thousand bold Scots, two-and-twenty knights,Balked in their own blood, did Sir Walter seeOn Holmedon’s plains. Of prisoners Hotspur tookMordake, Earl of Fife, and eldest sonTo beaten Douglas, and the Earl of Atholl,Of Murray, Angus, and Menteith.And is not this an honorable spoil?A gallant prize? Ha, cousin, is it not?In faith, it is a conquest for a prince to boast of.Yea, there thou mak’st me sad, and mak’st me sinIn envy that my Lord NorthumberlandShould be the father to so blest a son,A son who is the theme of Honor’s tongue,Amongst a grove the very straightest plant,Who is sweet Fortune’s minion and her pride;Whilst I, by looking on the praise of him,See riot and dishonor stain the browOf my young Harry. O, that it could be provedThat some night-tripping fairy had exchangedIn cradle-clothes our children where they lay,And called mine “Percy,” his “Plantagenet”!Then would I have his Harry, and he mine.But let him from my thoughts. What think you, coz,Of this young Percy’s pride? The prisoners,Which he in this adventure hath surprisedTo his own use he keeps, and sends me wordI shall have none but Mordake, Earl of Fife.#LBSFORGOLDMy loyal, hard-working friend Sir Walter Blunt has arrived here at court, fresh off his horse and covered with the mud of every town from Holmedon to here. He’s brought us very welcome news. The Earl of Douglas has been defeated. Blunt saw ten thousand Scotsmen and twenty-two knights piled up in their own blood on the fields of Holmedon. Hotspur took these men prisoner: Douglas' son Mordake, the Earl of Fife; as well as the Earls of Athol, Murray, Angus, and Menteith. That’s a valuable group! A fantastic catch, isn’t it, kinsman?Truly, that’s a conquest to make even a prince brag.Yes, and that makes me sad. Seeing Lord Northumberland with such a blessed son makes me commit the sin of envy. When honor speaks, it speaks about Hotspur. In a grove of trees, Hotspur stands straightest. He is the favorite darling of Fortune. When I see how he is praised, I can only see my own son, Harry, and his reputation for wildness and dishonor. If only it could be proven that a fairy had come to their cradles at night and switched them! Then the Percy family would have my Harry, and we Plantagenets would have Hotspur! But stop thinking about Harry now. Westmoreland, what do you make of young Percy’s arrogance? He says he’ll keep all the prisonersPrisoners taken in battle were supposed to be turned over to the King so that he could collect ransoms from them. Hotspur’s refusal to do this breaks the usual rules and upsets King Henry.prisoners he captured for himself, and will only send me Mordrake, Earl of Fife.
