How now, Kate? I must leave you within these two hours.O my good lord, why are you thus alone?For what offense have I this fortnight beenA banished woman from my Harry’s bed?Tell me, sweet lord, what is ’t that takes from theeThy stomach, pleasure, and thy golden sleep?Why dost thou bend thine eyes upon the earthAnd start so often when thou sit’st alone?Why hast thou lost the fresh blood in thy cheeksAnd given my treasures and my rights of theeTo thick-eyed musing and curst melancholy?In thy faint slumbers I by thee have watched,And heard thee murmur tales of iron wars,Speak terms of manage to thy bounding steed,Cry “Courage! To the field!” And thou hast talk’dOf sallies and retires, of trenches, tents,Of palisadoes, frontiers, parapets,Of basilisks, of cannon, culverin,Of prisoners' ransom and of soldiers slain,And all the currents of a heady fight.Thy spirit within thee hath been so at war,And thus hath so bestirred thee in thy sleep,That beads of sweat have stood upon thy browLike bubbles in a late-disturbèd stream,And in thy face strange motions have appeared,Such as we see when men restrain their breathOn some great sudden hest. O, what portents are these?Some heavy business hath my lord in hand,And I must know it, else he loves me not.What, ho!#LBSFORGOLDWhat is it, Kate? I must leave you in a few hours.Oh, my good lord, why are you alone like this? What have I done to make my Harry banish me from his bed these past two weeks? Tell me, sweet husband, what has stolen your appetite, your desire, and your sleep? Why do you stare at the ground and jump in your skin when you are sitting alone? Where is the color in your cheeks? Why have you taken all your attention, which should be mine, and given it to this dark mood and terrible sadness? While you sleep so lightly, I’ve watched you and heard you mumble stories of war. I’ve heard you give commands to your horse. I’ve heard you yell, “Courage! To the field!” And you have talked of charges and retreats; of trenches, tents; of fences, ramparts, and walls; of all types of cannon; of prisoners' ransoms and of dead soldiers, and of all the movements of a violent battle. Your soul has also been at war and has disturbed you in your sleep. Beads of sweat have broken out on your forehead, like bubbles in a churning stream. And on your face I’ve seen strange expressions, like a man who’s gulping his breath at an awful, sudden command. Oh, what does all this mean? My lord is contemplating some serious matters, and if he doesn’t tell me about them, he surely doesn’t love me.You there!