—So far afoot, I shall be weary, love.Come, come, you paraquito, answer meDirectly unto this question that I ask.In faith, I’ll break thy little finger, Harry,An if thou wilt not tell me all things true.Away!Away, you trifler. Love, I love thee not.I care not for thee, Kate. This is no worldTo play with mammets and to tilt with lips.We must have bloody noses and cracked crowns,And pass them current too.—Gods me, my horse!—What say’st thou, Kate? What would’st thou have with me?Do you not love me? Do you not indeed?Well, do not then, for since you love me not,I will not love myself. Do you not love me?Nay, tell me if you speak in jest or no.Come, wilt thou see me ride?And when I am a-horseback, I will swearI love thee infinitely. But hark you, Kate,I must not have you henceforth question meWhither I go, nor reason whereabout.Whither I must, I must; and to conclude,This evening must I leave you, gentle Kate.I know you wise, but yet no farther wiseThan Harry Percy’s wife; constant you are,But yet a woman; and for secrecyNo lady closer, for I well believeThou wilt not utter what thou dost not know,And so far will I trust thee, gentle Kate.How? So far?#LBSFORGOLD—such a long way on foot, I’ll be tired.Stop it, you little parrot. Answer me straight. I swear, Harry, I’ll break your little finger if you don’t tell me everything, and the truth, too.
Get away from me, you nag! Love? I don’t love you. I don’t even care about you, Kate. This is no time for playing with dolls and jousting with kisses; we’ll have bloody noses and broken heads, and spread them around, too. For God’s sake, my horse! What, Kate? What do you want from me?You don’t love me? Really, you don’t? Well, fine then; don’t love me. And since you don’t love me, I won’t love myself. You don’t love me? Seriously, tell me if you’re joking or if you mean it.Will you see me off? Once I’m on my horse, I’ll swear I love you till the end of time. But listen here, Kate. From now on, I won’t have you asking me where I’m going, nor guessing why I’m doing what I’m doing. I must go where I must go. This is final: tonight I must leave you, sweet Kate. I know you are wise, but your wisdom doesn’t go further than your role as my wife. You may be able to keep a secret, but you’re still a woman; and yet no woman can keep secrets like you, because you cannot reveal what you don’t actually know. And that is as far as I will trust you, sweet Kate.Oh really? That far?