Sirrah, Falstaff and the rest of the thieves are at the door.Shall we be merry?As merry as crickets, my lad. But hark you, what cunning
match have you made with this jest of the drawer. Come,
what’s the issue?
I am now of all humors that have showed themselves humors
since the old days of Goodman Adam to the pupil age of this
present twelve o'clock at midnight.
What’s o'clock, Francis?Anon, anon, sir.That ever this fellow should have fewer words than a parrot,
and yet the son of a woman! His industry is upstairs and
downstairs, his eloquence the parcel of a reckoning. I am not
yet of Percy’s mind, the Hotspur of the north, he that kills me
some six or seven dozen of Scots at a breakfast, washes his
hands, and says to his wife “Fie upon this quiet life! I want
work.” “O my sweet Harry,” says she, “how many hast thou
killed today?” “Give my roan horse a drench,” says he, and answers “Some fourteen,” an hour after. “A trifle, a trifle.”
I prithee, call in Falstaff. I’ll play Percy, and that damned
brawn shall play Dame Mortimer his wife. “Rivo!” says the
drunkard. Call in Ribs, call in Tallow.
#LBSFORGOLDSirrah, Falstaff and the rest of the thieves are here. Are we ready for a laugh?We’ll be happy as crickets, my lad. But listen, what’s with this gag you played on the waiter? What’s the point?I’m up for anything. Right now, I’m feeling all the moods that anyone has ever felt, from the old days of Adam to this young age, right now, at twelve o'clock midnight.What time is it, Francis?Just a second, sir.This boy has fewer words than a parrot, but he’s actually a person! All he does is run up and down stairs, and the only things he can say are the names of the items on your bill. I’m not yet like Percy, the Hotspur of the North. He kills six or seven dozen Scotsmen before breakfast, washes his hands, and then says to his wife, “To hell with this boring life! I need something to do!” “Oh, my sweet Harry,” she says, “How many have you killed today?” “Give my brown horse a dose of medicine,” he says. And then about an hour later, he answers her: “About fourteen.” Then he says, “That’s nothing, nothing.” Listen, bring in Falstaff. I’ll play Percy, and that damned fat slob will play his wife, Dame Mortimer. “Bottom’s up!” as the drunk says. Bring in the meat, bring in blubber.