Welcome, Jack. Where hast thou been?A plague of all cowards, I say, and a vengeance too! Marry
and amen!—Give me a cup of sack, boy.—Ere I lead this life
long, I’ll sew netherstocks and mend them, and foot them
too. A plague of all cowards!—Give me a cup of sack,
rogue. —Is there no virtue extant? (he drinketh)
Didst thou never see Titan kiss a dish of butter?—Pitiful-
hearted Titan!—that melted at the sweet tale of the sun’s? If
thou didst, then behold that compound.

(to FRANCIS ) You rogue, here’s lime in this sack too.—There
is nothing but roguery to be found in villanous man, yet a
coward is worse than a cup of sack with lime in it. A
villanous coward! Go thy ways, old Jack. Die when thou
wilt. If manhood, good manhood, be not forgot upon the face
of the earth, then am I a shotten herring. There lives not three
good men unhanged in England, and one of them is fat and
grows old, God help the while. A bad world, I say. I would
I were a weaver. I could sing psalms, or anything. A plague
of all cowards, I say still.
How now, woolsack, what mutter you?#LBSFORGOLDWelcome, Jack. Where’ve you been?A curse on all cowards, I say, and revenge on them, too! Amen to that! Give me some wine, boy. I’m not going to keep up this way of life much longer. I’ll knit socks, mend them, and fix their feet. A curse on all cowards! Give me a cup of wine, you lowlife! Isn’t there any honesty left in this world? (he drinks)
Did you ever see the sun kiss a dish of butter?Hal may be referring to the wine melting down Falstaff’s hroat; he may also be suggesting that Falstaff is hot and sweaty.butter? The tender-hearted sun, melting the butter with its sweet words! If you have, then take a look at Falstaff.
(to FRANCIS ) You bastard! Somebody put limeLime was added to wine of poor quality to make it sparkle.lime in my wine! All men are cheaters and schemers, but a coward is worse than a glass of wine with lime in it. A miserable coward! Go on, old Jack, die already. If there’s even one real man left on this earth besides me, then I’m as skinny as a herring. In all of England there are only three good men that haven’t been put to death, and one of them is fat and growing old. God help us all! It’s a bad world, I say. I wish I were a weaver; I could sing psalms while I was sewing. I’ll say it again: a curse on all cowards.What’s the matter, you sack of wool? What are you muttering about?