A King’s son! If I do not beat thee out of thy kingdom with
a dagger of lath, and drive all thy subjects afore thee like a
flock of wild geese, I’ll never wear hair on my face more.
You, Prince of Wales!
Why, you whoreson round man, what’s the matter?Are not you a coward? Answer me to that—and Poins there?Zounds, ye fat paunch, an you call me coward, by the Lord,I’ll stab thee.I call thee coward? I’ll see thee damned ere I call thee
coward, but I would give a thousand pound I could run as
fast as thou canst. You are straight enough in the shoulders
you care not who sees your back. Call you that backing of
your friends? A plague upon such backing! Give me them
that will face me.—Give me a cup of sack.—I am a rogue if
I drunk today.
O villain, thy lips are scarce wiped since thou drunk’st last.All is one for that. (he drinketh) A plague of all cowards, still
say I.
What’s the matter?What’s the matter? There be four of us here have ta'en a
thousand pound this day morning.
Where is it, Jack? Where is it?#LBSFORGOLDA King’s son! If I don’t drive you out of the kingdom with a wooden daggerIn medieval morality plays, the character of Vice carried a wooden dagger.wooden dagger, and send your subjects running before you like a flock of geese, then I’ll never grow a beard again. You, Prince of Wales? What a joke!You fat son of a whore, what’s the matter?Aren’t you a coward? Tell me that. And Poins there?Dammit, you fat belly. If you call me a coward, I swear, I’ll stab you.I call you coward? I’d sooner see you damned than call you a coward, but I tell you; I’d give a thousand pounds to be able to run as fast as you can. You’ve got good-enough–;looking shoulders; you don’t care who sees your back! Is that what you call backing up your friends? Damn anyone who backs up like that! I’d rather have a man who faces me. Give me some wine! I’ll be damned if I’ve had anything to drink today.Liar! You’ve barely had time to wipe your lips since your last drink.Whatever. (he drinks) A curse on all cowards, I still say.What’s the matter?What’s the matter? There are four of us here who stole a thousand pounds this very morning.Where is it, Jack? Where is it?