I must confess that I have heard so muchAnd with Demetrius thought to have spoke thereof,But being overfull of self-affairs,My mind did lose it.—But, Demetrius, come.And come, Egeus. You shall go with me.I have some private schooling for you both.—For you, fair Hermia, look you arm yourselfTo fit your fancies to your father’s will,Or else the law of Athens yields you up(Which by no means we may extenuate)To death, or to a vow of single life.—Come, my Hippolyta. What cheer, my love?—Demetrius and Egeus, go along.I must employ you in some businessAgainst our nuptial and confer with youOf something nearly that concerns yourselves.With duty and desire we follow you.How now, my love? Why is your cheek so pale?How chance the roses there do fade so fast?Belike for want of rain, which I could wellBeteem them from the tempest of my eyes.Ay me! For aught that I could ever read,Could ever hear by tale or history,The course of true love never did run smooth.But either it was different in blood—#LBSFORGOLDI have to admit I’ve heard something about that, and
                                meant to ask Demetrius about it, but I was too busy with personal
                                matters and it slipped my mind.—Anyway, Demetrius and
                                Egeus, both of you, come with me. I want to say a few things to you
                                in private.—As for you, beautiful Hermia, get ready to do
                                what your father wants, because otherwise the law says that you must
                                die or become a nun, and there’s nothing I can do about
                                that.—Come with me, Hippolyta. How are you, my
                                love?—Demetrius and Egeus, come with us. I want you to do
                                some things for our wedding, and I also want to discuss something
                                that concerns you both.We’re following you not only because it is our duty,
                                but also because we want to.What’s going on, my love? Why are you so pale? Why have
                                your rosy cheeks faded so quickly?Probably because my cheeks' roses needed rain, which I
                                could easily give them with all the tears in my eyes.Oh, honey! Listen, in books they say that true love always faces
                                obstacles. Either the lovers have different social
                                standings—