So, with two seeming bodies but one heart,Two of the first, like coats in heraldry,Due but to one and crownèd with one crest.And will you rent our ancient love asunderTo join with men in scorning your poor friend?It is not friendly, ’tis not maidenly.Our sex, as well as I, may chide you for it,Though I alone do feel the injury.I am amazèd at your passionate words.I scorn you not. It seems that you scorn me.Have you not set Lysander, as in scorn,To follow me and praise my eyes and face?And made your other love, Demetrius—Who even but now did spurn me with his foot—To call me goddess, nymph, divine, and rare,Precious, celestial? Wherefore speaks he thisTo her he hates? And wherefore doth LysanderDeny your love, so rich within his soul,And tender me, forsooth, affection,But by your setting on, by your consent?What though I be not so in grace as you—So hung upon with love, so fortunate—But miserable most, to love unloved?This you should pity rather than despise.I understand not what you mean by this.Ay, do. Persever, counterfeit sad looks,Make mouths upon me when I turn my back,Wink each at other, hold the sweet jest up—This sport, well carried, shall be chronicled.#LBSFORGOLDWe seemed to
                            have two separate bodies, but we had one heart. Do you want to
                            destroy our old friendship by joining these men to insult your poor friend? It’s not
                                friendly, and it’s not ladylike. All women would be angry
                                with you for doing it, even though I’m the only one
                                who’s hurt by it.
I’m completely dumbfounded by what you’re
                                saying. I’m not insulting you. It sounds more like
                                you’re insulting me.Come on, confess. Didn’t you send Lysander, as an
                                insult, to follow me around praising my eyes and my face?
                                Haven’t you made your other love,
                                Demetrius—who kicked me with his foot not long
                                ago—call me a goddess and a divine, rare, precious,
                                heavenly creature? Why does he talk like that to a girl he
                                can’t stand? And why does Lysander deny that he loves
                                you, when he loves you so deeply? Why would he show me any
                                affection, unless you told him to? Why does it matter that
                                I’m not as lucky or lovable as you are and that the love
                                I feel is unrequited? You should pity me for that reason, not hate
                                me.I don’t know what you’re talking
                            about.Oh, fine. All right, go ahead, keep up your little game, pretend
                                to be sympathetic, but then nudge each other and wink and make faces
                                at me when I turn my back. Keep up your wonderful game.
                                You’re doing such a good job on this trick, someone
                                should write a book about it. 