If you have any pity, grace, or manners,You would not make me such an argument.But fare ye well. 'Tis partly my own fault,Which death or absence soon shall remedy.Stay, gentle Helena. Hear my excuse.My love, my life, my soul, fair Helena!Oh, excellent!
(to
                                LYSANDER)
  Sweet, do not scorn her so.If she cannot entreat, I can compel.Thou canst compel no more than she entreat.Thy threats have no more strength than her weak
                                prayers.—Helen, I love thee. By my life, I do.I swear by that which I will lose for theeTo prove him false that says I love thee not.I say I love thee more than he can do.If thou say so, withdraw and prove it too.Quick, come.  Lysander, whereto tends all this?
(to
                                HERMIA) Away, you
                            Ethiope!
(to
                                HERMIA)
    No, no.
                            He’llSeem to break loose.#LBSFORGOLDIf you had any sense of pity, or manners, you
                                wouldn’t pretend to fight over me like this. But goodbye.
                                It’s partly my own fault, since I followed you here.
                                Leaving—or dying—will soon take care of
                                everything.
Stay, lovely Helena. Listen to my excuse. My love, my life, my
                                soul, beautiful Helena!That’s a good one.
(to
                                LYSANDER) Don’t insult her
                                like that, Lysander darling.
(to
                                LYSANDER) If Hermia’s
                                begging can’t make you stop insulting Helena, I can force
                                you to do so.You can’t force me any more than Hermia can beg me.
                                Your threats are no stronger than her whining.—Helena, I
                                love you. I swear I do. I’ll give my life for you, just
                                to prove this guy wrong when he says I don’t love
                            you.I say that I love you more than he does.If that’s what you say, go fight a duel with me and
                                prove it.You’re on. Let’s do it.Lysander, where are you going with all this?
(to
                                HERMIA) Get away, you African!
(to
                                HERMIA) No, no. He’ll act
                                like he’s going to break free from you, Hermia.