
(to
                                LYSANDER)
  Take on as you would follow,But yet come not. You are a tame man, go!
(to
                                HERMIA) Hang off, thou cat, thou
                                burr! Vile thing, let looseOr I will shake thee from me like a serpent.Why are you grown so rude? What change is this,Sweet love?  Thy love? Out, tawny Tartar, out!Out, loathèd medicine! O hated potion, hence!Do you not jest?  Yes, sooth, and so do you.Demetrius, I will keep my word with thee.I would I had your bond, for I perceiveA weak bond holds you. I’ll not trust your word.What, should I hurt her, strike her, kill her dead?Although I hate her, I’ll not harm her so.
(to
                                LYSANDER)
What, can you do me greater harm than hate?Hate me? Wherefore? O me! What news, my love?Am not I Hermia? Are not you Lysander?I am as fair now as I was erewhile.Since night you loved me. Yet since night you left me.Why then, you left me—Oh, the gods forbid!—In earnest, shall I say?    Ay, by my life,And never did desire to see thee more.Therefore be out of hope, of question, of doubt.#LBSFORGOLD
(to
                                LYSANDER) Pretend like
                                you’re going to follow me, but then don’t
                                come. You’re a coward, get out of here!

(to
                                HERMIA) Stop hanging on me, you cat,
                                you thorn. Let go of me, or I’ll shake you off like a
                                snake.Why have you gotten so rude? What’s happened to you, my
                                darling?Your darling? Get out, you dark-skinned gypsy! Get out, you
                                horrible poison. Get out!Are you joking?Of course he is, and so are you.Demetrius, I’m ready to fight you as promised.I wish we had a signed legal contract. I can see you
                                don’t keep your promises very well. I don’t
                                trust you.What? Do you want me to hit Hermia, hurt her, kill her? Sure, I
                                hate her, but I wouldn’t hurt her.
(to
                                LYSANDER) Can you hurt me any more
                                than by saying you hate me? Hate me? Why? What’s happened
                                to you, my love? Am I not Hermia? Aren’t you Lysander?
                                I’m as beautiful now as I was a little while ago. You
                                still loved me when we fell asleep, but when you woke up you left
                                me. So you left me—Oh, God help me!—For
                            real?I certainly did, and I never wanted to see you again. So stop
                                hoping and wondering what I mean. 