Be certain, nothing truer. 'Tis no jestThat I do hate thee and love Helena.O me!
(to
                                HELENA) You juggler! You
                                canker-blossom!You thief of love! What, have you come by nightAnd stol'n my love’s heart from him?      Fine,
                                i' faith!Have you no modesty, no maiden shame,No touch of bashfulness? What, will you tearImpatient answers from my gentle tongue?Fie, fie! You counterfeit, you puppet, you!“Puppet”? Why so?—Ay, that way
                                goes the game.Now I perceive that she hath made compareBetween our statures. She hath urged her height,And with her personage, her tall personage,Her height, forsooth, she hath prevailed with him.—And are you grown so high in his esteemBecause I am so dwarfish and so low?How low am I, thou painted maypole? Speak.How low am I? I am not yet so lowBut that my nails can reach unto thine eyes.
(to LYSANDER
                                and
                                DEMETRIUS)
I pray you, though you mock me, gentlemen,Let her not hurt me. I was never cursed.I have no gift at all in shrewishness.I am a right maid for my cowardice.Let her not strike me. You perhaps may think,Because she is something lower than myself,That I can match her.#LBSFORGOLDI’ve spelled it out for you clearly. It’s no joke. I hate you and
                                love Helena.
Oh, no! (to
                                HELENA) You trickster, you snake! You
                                thief! What, did you sneak in at night and steal my
                                love’s heart from him?Oh, that’s very nice! You ought to be ashamed of
                                yourself! You’re going to make me mad enough to answer
                                you? Damn you, you faker, you puppet!“Puppet”? Why
                                “puppet”?—Oh, I see where this is
                                going. She’s talking about our difference in height.
                                She’s paraded in front of him to show off how tall she
                                is. She won him over with her height.—Does he have such a
                                high opinion of you because I’m so short? Is that it? So
                                how short am I, you painted barber pole? Tell me. How short am I?
                                I’m not too short to gouge your eyes out with my
                                fingernails.
(to LYSANDER
                                and
                                DEMETRIUS) Please don’t
                                let her hurt me, gentlemen, however much you want to tease me. I
                                never was much good with insults. I’m not mean and catty
                                like her. I’m a nice shy girl. Please don’t
                                let her hit me. Maybe you think that because she’s
                                shorter than me I can take her.