    “Lower”?
                                Hark, again!Good Hermia, do not be so bitter with me.I evermore did love you, Hermia,Did ever keep your counsels, never wronged you—Save that, in love unto Demetrius,I told him of your stealth unto this wood.He followed you. For love I followed him.But he hath chid me hence and threatened meTo strike me, spurn me—nay, to kill me too.And now, so you will let me quiet go,To Athens will I bear my folly backAnd follow you no further. Let me go.You see how simple and how fond I am.Why, get you gone! Who is ’t that hinders you?A foolish heart, that I leave here behind.What, with Lysander?    With
                            Demetrius.Be not afraid. She shall not harm thee, Helena.
(to
                                LYSANDER)
No, sir, she shall not, though you take her part.Oh, when she’s angry, she is keen and shrewd!She was a vixen when she went to school.And though she be but little, she is fierce.“Little” again? Nothing but
                                “low” and
                                “little”!—Why will you suffer her to flout me thus?Let me come to her.#LBSFORGOLD“Shorter!” See, she’s doing it
                                again!Good Hermia, please don’t act so bitter toward me. I
                                always loved you, Hermia, and gave you advice. I never did anything
                                to hurt you—except once, when I told Demetrius that you
                                planned to sneak off into this forest. And I only did that because I
                                loved Demetrius so much. He followed you. And I followed him because
                                I loved him. But he told me to get lost and threatened to hit me,
                                kick me—even kill me. Now just let me go quietly back to
                                Athens. I’ll carry my mistakes back with me. I
                                won’t follow you anymore. Please let me go. You see how
                                naïve and foolish I’ve been.Well, get out of here then! What’s keeping you?My stupid heart, which I’m leaving behind here.What, you’re leaving it with Lysander?No, with Demetrius.Don’t be afraid. She can’t hurt you,
                            Helena.
(to
                                LYSANDER) That’s right,
                                Hermia won’t hurt Helena even if you try to help
                            her.Oh, when you get her angry, she’s a good fighter, and
                                vicious too. She was a hellcat in school. And she’s
                                fierce, even though she’s little.“Little” again? Nothing but
                                “little” and
                                “short”!— Why are you letting her
                                insult me like this? Let me at her!.