
(to
                                HERMIA) Get you gone, you
                                dwarf,You minimus of hindering knotgrass made,You bead, you acorn!    You are too
                                officiousIn her behalf that scorns your services.Let her alone. Speak not of Helena.Take not her part. For if thou dost intendNever so little show of love to her,Thou shalt aby it.  Now she holds me not.Now follow, if thou darest, to try whose right,Of thine or mine, is most in Helena.“Follow”? Nay, I’ll go with thee,
                                cheek by jowl.You, mistress, all this coil is long of you.Nay, go not back.  I will not trust you, I,Nor longer stay in your curst company.Your hands than mine are quicker for a fray.My legs are longer though, to run away.I am amazed and know not what to say.
(to
                                ROBIN) This is thy negligence. Still
                                thou mistakest,Or else committ’st thy knaveries willfully.#LBSFORGOLD
(to
                                HERMIA) Get lost, you dwarf, you tiny
                                little weed, you scrap, you acorn!You’re doing too much to defend a woman who wants
                                nothing to do with you. Leave Hermia alone. Don’t talk
                                about Helena. Don’t take Helena’s side. If you
                                continue treating Hermia so badly, you’ll pay for
                            it.Hermia’s not holding onto me anymore. Follow me if
                                you’re brave enough, and we’ll fight over
                                Helena.“Follow”? No, I’ll walk right
                                next to you, side by side.All this fighting is because of you. Stay where you are.I’m not sticking around here any more. I
                                don’t trust you. You might be a better fighter than I am,
                                but my legs are longer and I can run away faster.I just can’t believe any of this. I don’t
                                know what to say.
(to
                                ROBIN) This is all your fault. You
                                make mistakes constantly, or else you cause this kind of trouble on
                                purpose.