Believe me, King of Shadows, I mistook.Did not you tell me I should know the manBy the Athenian garment he had on?And so far blameless proves my enterprise,That I have 'nointed an Athenian’s eyes.And so far am I glad it so did sort,As this their jangling I esteem a sport.Thou seest these lovers seek a place to fight.Hie therefore, Robin, overcast the night.The starry welkin cover thou anonWith drooping fog as black as Acheron,And lead these testy rivals so astrayAs one come not within another’s way.Like to Lysander sometime frame thy tongue,Then stir Demetrius up with bitter wrong.And sometime rail thou like Demetrius.And from each other look thou lead them thus,Till o'er their brows death-counterfeiting sleepWith leaden legs and batty wings doth creep.
(gives ROBIN
                                another flower)
Then crush this herb into Lysander’s eye,Whose liquor hath this virtuous propertyTo take from thence all error with his mightAnd make his eyeballs roll with wonted sight.When they next wake, all this derisionShall seem a dream and fruitless vision.And back to Athens shall the lovers wend,With league whose date till death shall never end.Whiles I in this affair do thee employ,I’ll to my queen and beg her Indian boy.And then I will her charmèd eye releaseFrom monster’s view, and all things shall be
                            peace.#LBSFORGOLDBelieve me, King of Illusions, I made a mistake. Didn’t
                                you tell me that I’d be able to recognize the man by the
                                Athenian clothes he was wearing? So far I’ve done exactly
                                what I was supposed to do—I put the love potion on an
                                Athenian’s eyes. And so far I’m pleased with
                                the way things have turned out, since I find all of this commotion
                                very entertaining.As you can see, these lovers are looking for a place to fight.
                                Hurry up, Robin, and make the night dark and cloudy. Cover the sky
                                with a low-hanging fog, as dark as hell, and get these overeager
                                rivals so completely lost in the woods that they can’t
                                run into each other. Imitate Lysander’s voice and egg
                                Demetrius on with insults. Then rant for a while in
                                Demetrius’s voice, and egg Lysander on. That way
                                you’ll get them away from each other until
                                they’re so exhausted that they’ll sleep like
                                the dead. ( OBERON
                                gives a new flower to
                                ROBIN) When they’re
                                asleep, crush some of this flower’s juice into
                                Lysander’s eyes. The flower’s juice has the
                                power to erase all the damage that’s been done to his
                                eyes, and to make him see normally, the way he used to. When they
                                wake up, all this trouble and conflict will seem like a dream or a
                                meaningless vision. Then the lovers will go back to Athens, united
                                together until death. While you’re busy with that,
                                I’ll go see Queen Titania and ask her once again for the
                                Indian boy. And then I’ll undo the spell that I cast over
                                her, so she won’t be in love with that monster anymore.
                                Then everything will be peaceful again.