My fairy lord, this must be done with haste.For night’s swift dragons cut the clouds full fast,And yonder shines Aurora’s harbinger,At whose approach, ghosts, wandering here and there,Troop home to churchyards. Damnèd spirits all,That in crossways and floods have burial,Already to their wormy beds are gone.For fear lest day should look their shames upon,They willfully themselves exile from lightAnd must for aye consort with black-browed night.But we are spirits of another sort.I with the morning’s love have oft made sport,And like a forester the groves may treadEven till the eastern gate, all fiery red,Opening on Neptune with fair blessèd beams,Turns into yellow gold his salt green streams.But notwithstanding, haste. Make no delay.We may effect this business yet ere day. Up and down, up and down, I will lead them up and down. I am feared in field and town. Goblin, lead them up and down.Here comes one.Where art thou, proud Demetrius? Speak thou now.#LBSFORGOLDWe’ve got to act fast, my lord of the fairies.
                                Night’s fading quickly, and in the distance the morning
                                star is shining, warning us that dawn is coming. At dawn, the ghosts
                                that have been wandering around all night go home to the graveyards.
                                The souls of people who weren’t buried in holy ground,
                                but instead lie rotting by the side of the road or at the bottom of
                                a river, have already gone back to their wormy graves. They
                                weren’t buried in a real graveyard because they committed
                                suicide, and they don’t want their shame to be seen in
                                daylight, so they avoid sunlight and stay forever in the darkness of
                                night.But we’re not like that. We’re a different
                                kind of spirit, and we don’t have to run away from the
                                sunlight. I like the morning. I often wander around in the woods
                                like a forest ranger until the sun rises in the fiery red sky over
                                the ocean, turning the salty green water to gold. But you should
                                hurry anyway. Don’t delay. We still have time to get all
                                of this done before daybreak.Up and down, up and down,I will lead them up and down.The people fear me in the country and the town.Goblin, lead them up and down.Here comes one of them now.Where are you, Demetrius, you arrogant bastard? Say
                            something.