
(as
                                DEMETRIUS)
Here, villain. Drawn and ready. Where art thou?I will be with thee straight.
(as
                                DEMETRIUS) Follow me thenTo plainer ground.  Lysander, speak again!Thou runaway, thou coward, art thou fled?Speak! In some bush? Where dost thou hide thy head?
(as
                                LYSANDER) Thou coward, art thou
                                bragging to the stars,Telling the bushes that thou look’st for wars,And wilt not come? Come, recreant. Come, thou child!I’ll whip thee with a rod. He is defiledThat draws a sword on thee.    Yea, art thou
                                there?
(as
                                LYSANDER)
Follow my voice. We’ll try no manhood here.He goes before me and still dares me on.When I come where he calls, then he is gone.The villain is much lighter-heeled than I.I followed fast, but faster he did fly,That fallen am I in dark uneven way,#LBSFORGOLD
(in
                                DEMETRIUS’s voice)
                                I’m over here, you villain, with my sword out and ready
                                to fight. Where are you?I’m coming.
(in
                                DEMETRIUS’s voice)
                                Let’s go to a flatter area where we can fight more
                                easily.Lysander, say something! You coward, did you run away from me? Say
                                something! Are you behind some bush? Where are you hiding?
(in
                                LYSANDER’s voice) You
                                coward, are you bragging to the stars and telling the bushes that
                                you want a fight, but then you won’t come and fight me?
                                Come here, you coward! Come here, you child! I’ll beat
                                you with a stick. It would be shameful to fight you with a sword,
                                the way I would fight with a real man.Are you there?
(in
                                LYSANDER’s voice) Follow
                                my voice. This isn’t a good place to fight.He’s walking ahead of me, and he keeps daring me to
                                follow him. When I reach the place he’s calling from, he
                                disappears. This villain is much quicker than I am. I ran after him
                                fast, but he ran away from me faster, so that now here I am in some dark part of the forest where the
                                ground is uneven.