And here will rest me.
(lies down)
    Come, thou gentle
                                day!For if but once thou show me thy grey light,I’ll find Demetrius and revenge this spite.
(sleeps)

(as LYSANDER
                                to
                                DEMETRIUS)
Ho, ho, ho! Coward, why comest thou not?Abide me, if thou darest! For well I wotThou runn’st before me, shifting every place,And darest not stand nor look me in the face.Where art thou now?
(as
                                LYSANDER) Come hither. I
                                am here.Nay, then, thou mock’st me. Thou shalt buy this dearIf ever I thy face by daylight see.Now go thy way. Faintness constraineth meTo measure out my length on this cold bed.By day’s approach look to be visited.
(lies down and sleeps)
O weary night, O long and tedious night,Abate thy hours. Shine comforts from the east,That I may back to Athens by daylightFrom these that my poor company detest.And sleep, that sometimes shuts up sorrow’s eye,Steal me awhile from mine own company.
(lies down and sleeps)
#LBSFORGOLDI’ll rest here.
                                (he lies down) I hope the pleasant
                                daytime comes soon! As soon as the gray light of early morning
                                appears, I’ll find Demetrius and get my revenge for this
                                insult.

(in
                                LYSANDER’s voice) Ha, ha,
                                ha! Hey, You coward, why aren’t you coming?Wait for me, if you’re not too scared! I know
                                that’s why you’re running away from me,
                                constantly changing places—you’re afraid to
                                stand still and wait for me. You’re scared to look me in
                                the eye. Where are you now?
(in
                                LYSANDER’s voice) Come
                                here. I’m over here.No, you’re just taunting me. You’ll pay for
                                this if I ever see you face-to-face in the daylight. Go wherever you
                                want. I’m exhausted; I need to lie down and sleep on this
                                cold ground. But watch out. I’ll find you at dawn.
                                (DEMETRIUS
                                lies
                                    down and sleeps)
Oh, what a long, tedious, exhausting night! I wish it would end. I
                                wish the comforting light of day would shine so I can go back to
                                Athens and get away from these people who hate me so much. I hope
                                I’ll be able to sleep and escape my troubles for a while.
                                People can sometimes forget their difficulties when
                                they’re asleep. (HELENA
                                lies down and sleeps)
