O cross! Too high to be enthralled to low.Or else misgraffèd in respect of
                            years—O spite! Too old to be engaged to young.Or else it stood upon the choice of friends—O hell, to choose love by another’s eyes!Or, if there were a sympathy in choice,War, death, or sickness did lay siege to it,Making it momentary as a sound,Swift as a shadow, short as any dream,Brief as the lightning in the collied night;That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and Earth,And ere a man hath power to say “Behold!”The jaws of darkness do devour it up.So quick bright things come to confusion.If then true lovers have been ever crossed,It stands as an edict in destiny.Then let us teach our trial patience,Because it is a customary cross,As due to love as thoughts and dreams and sighs,Wishes and tears, poor fancy’s followers.A good persuasion. Therefore, hear me, Hermia.I have a widow aunt, a dowagerOf great revenue, and she hath no child.From Athens is her house remote seven leagues,And she respects me as her only son.There, gentle Hermia, may I marry thee.And to that place the sharp Athenian lawCannot pursue us. If thou lovest me then,Steal forth thy father’s house tomorrow night.And in the wood, a league without the town—#LBSFORGOLDOh, what an obstacle that would be! Imagine being too high on the
                                social ladder, and falling in love with someone beneath you.Or else they were very different ages—How awful! Being too old to marry someone young.Or else their guardians and advisors said no—What hell, to have your love life determined by someone
                            else!Or, even if the lovers are a good match, their love might be
                                ruined by war, death, or sickness, so that the affair only lasts an
                                instant. Their time together might be as fleeting as a shadow or as
                                short as a dream, lasting only as long as it takes a lightning bolt
                                to flash across the sky. Before you can say
                                “look,” it’s gone.
                                That’s how intense things like love are quickly
                                destroyed.If true lovers are always thwarted, then it must be a rule of
                                fate. So let’s try to be patient as we deal with our
                                problem. It’s as normal a part of love as dreams, sighs,
                                wishes, and tears.That’s the right attitude. So, listen, Hermia. I have
                                an aunt who is a widow, who’s very rich and
                                doesn’t have any children. She lives about twenty miles
                                from Athens, and she thinks of me as a son. I could marry you there,
                                gentle Hermia, where the strict laws of Athens can’t
                                touch us. So here’s the plan. If you love me, sneak out of your father’s house tomorrow night and meet me
                                in the forest a few miles outside of town. 
                            