 Yet but three? Come one more. Two of both kinds make up four. Here she comes, cursed and sad. Cupid is a knavish lad Thus to make poor females mad.Never so weary, never so in woe,Bedabbled with the dew and torn with briers,I can no further crawl, no further go.My legs can keep no pace with my desires.Here will I rest me till the break of day.Heavens shield Lysander if they mean a fray!
(lies down and sleeps)
 On the ground Sleep sound. I’ll apply To your eye. Gentle lover, remedy.
(squeezes flower juice into
                                LYSANDER ’s eyes)
 When thou wakest, Thou takest True delight In the sight Of thy former lady’s eye. And the country proverb known— That every man should take his own— In your waking shall be shown. Jack shall have Jill. Nought shall go ill.The man shall have his mare again, and all shall be well.#LBSFORGOLDOnly three so far? We’re still waiting for one more.
                                Two of both kinds makes four. Ah, here she comes, angry and sad.
                                Cupid is a bad boy for making poor women go crazy like this.I’ve never been more exhausted or upset. I’m
                                all wet from the dew and scratched up by thorns, and I
                                can’t crawl any farther. I just can’t go on.
                                My legs can’t hold themselves up. I’ll sleep
                                here until morning. If they do fight, I hope Lysander is safe!
                                (HERMIA
                                lies down and sleeps)
Sleep well there on the ground. I’ll cure you, gentle
                                lover, by putting this medicine on your eyes.
                                (ROBIN
                                puts the nectar of the
                                    flower on
                                LYSANDER’s
                                    eyelids)
                                When you wake you will be truly delighted to see the woman you once
                                loved. And when you wake up, you’ll be a walking
                                illustration of the well-known country proverb. “Jack
                                will have Jill and everything will be all right.”