Give me your neaf, Monsieur Mustardseed. Pray you,
leave your courtesy, good monsieur.
What’s your will?Nothing, good monsieur, but to help Cavalery Cobweb to scratch. I
                                must to the barber’s, monsieur, for methinks I am
                                marvelous hairy about the face. And I am such a tender ass, if my
                                hair do but tickle me, I must scratch.What, wilt thou hear some music, my sweet love?I have a reasonable good ear in music. Let’s have the
                                tongs and the bones.Or say, sweet love, what thou desirest to eat.Truly, a peck of provender. I could munch your good dry oats.
                                Methinks I have a great desire to a bottle of hay. Good hay, sweet
                                hay, hath no fellow.I have a venturous fairy that shall seekThe squirrel’s hoard and fetch thee new nuts.I had rather have a handful or two of dried peas. But, I pray you,
                                let none of your people stir me. I have an exposition of sleep come
                                upon me.Sleep thou, and I will wind thee in my arms.Fairies, be gone, and be all ways away.#LBSFORGOLDGive me your first, Mr. Mustardseed. Please, stop bowing, good
                                sir.What would you like me to do?Nothing, good sir, except to help Sir Cobweb scratch my head. I
                                should go to the barber’s, monsieur, because I think
                                I’m getting really hairy around the face. And
                                I’m such a sensitive ass that if my hair even tickles me
                                a little, I need to scratch.Would you like to hear some music, my sweet love?I have a pretty good ear for music. Let’s hear someone
                                play the triangle and the sticks.Or tell me, my sweet love, what you’d like to
                            eat.Actually, I’d like a few pounds of grass.
                                I’d like to munch on some good dry oats. Or maybe
                                I’ve got a hankering for a bundle of hay.
                                There’s nothing like good hay, really sweet hay.I have an adventurous fairy who’ll go seek out the
                                squirrel’s secret stash and get you some fresh
                            nuts.I’d rather have a handful or two of dried peas. But
                                please don’t let any of your people wake me up. I really
                                want to sleep now.Go to sleep, and I will wrap my arms around you. Fairies, go away.
                                Run off in all directions.