Be as thou wast wont to be.See as thou wast wont to see.Dian’s bud o'er Cupid’s flowerHath such force and blessèd power.Now, my Titania, wake you, my sweet queen.
(waking) My Oberon, what visions
                                have I seen!Methought I was enamored of an ass.There lies your love.    How came these
                                things to pass?Oh, how mine eyes do loathe his visage now!Silence awhile.—Robin, take off this head.—Titania, music call, and strike more deadThan common sleep of all these five the sense.Music, ho! Music such as charmeth sleep!
(taking the ass’s head
                                off
                                BOTTOM)
Now when thou wakest, with thine own fool’s eyes
                            peep.Sound, music!—Come, my queen, take hands with me,And rock the ground whereon these sleepers be.
(dances with
                                TITANIA)
Now thou and I are new in amity,And will tomorrow midnight solemnlyDance in Duke Theseus' house triumphantly,And bless it to all fair prosperity.There shall the pairs of faithful lovers beWedded, with Theseus, all in jollity.#LBSFORGOLDBe like you used to be, and see like you used to see. This bud
                                belongs to Diana, the goddess of virginity, and it has the power to
                                undo the effects of Cupid’s flower. Now, Titania, wake
                                up, my sweet queen.
(waking up) Oberon, I’ve
                                had such a strange dream! I dreamed I was in love with an
                            ass.There’s your boyfriend, sleeping right over
                            there.How did this happen? Oh, I hate looking at his face now!Be quiet for a while.—Robin, take off his donkey
                                head.—Titania, get the fairies to play some music, and
                                make these five people sleep more soundly than humans have ever
                                slept before.Music! Play the kind of music that puts people to sleep.
(removing the ass’s head
                                from
                                BOTTOM) When you wake up, see things
                                with your own foolish eyes again.Play the music.—Take my hands, my queen, and
                                we’ll lull these people to sleep with our soft dancing.
                                (he dances with
                                TITANIA) Now that you and I are
                                friends again, we can dance for Duke Theseus tomorrow at midnight,
                                and bless his marriage and his marriage bed. These other lovers will
                                get married alongside him, and they’ll all be in high
                                spirits.