The skies, the fountains, every region nearSeemed all one mutual cry. I never heardSo musical a discord, such sweet thunder.My hounds are bred out of the Spartan kind,So flewed, so sanded, and their heads are hungWith ears that sweep away the morning dew,Crook-kneed, and dew-lapped like Thessalian bulls,Slow in pursuit, but matched in mouth like bells,Each under each. A cry more tunableWas never hollaed to, nor cheered with horn,In Crete, in Sparta, nor in Thessaly.Judge when you hear.
(sees the four sleeping lovers)
  But, soft! What nymphs are these?My lord, this is my daughter here asleep.And this, Lysander. This Demetrius is.This Helena, old Nedar’s Helena.I wonder of their being here together.No doubt they rose up early to observeThe rite of May, and hearing our intentCame here in grace our solemnity.But speak, Egeus. Is not this the dayThat Hermia should give answer of her choice?It is, my lord.Go, bid the huntsmen wake them with their horns.Good morrow, friends. Saint Valentine is past.#LBSFORGOLDThe forests, the skies, the mountains,
                            everything around us seemed to echo the barks of the hounds. I’d never heard
                                such raucous music, such pleasant thunder.
My dogs are bred from Spartan hounds. They have the same folds of
                                flesh around their mouths, the same sandy-colored fur, and hanging
                                ears that brush the morning dew off the grass. They have crooked
                                knees and folds of skin under their necks, just like the Spartan
                                hounds. They’re not very fast in the chase, but their
                                barking sounds like bells ringing. Each bark is perfectly in tune
                                with the others, like notes on a scale. No one, anywhere, has ever
                                gone hunting with a more musical pack of dogs. Judge for yourself
                                when you hear them.
                                (he sees the four lovers
                                    sleeping)
                                But wait a minute! Who are these women?My lord, that’s my daughter asleep on the ground over
                                there, and this is Lysander here, and this is Demetrius, and this is
                                Helena, old Nedar’s daughter. I don’t
                                understand why they’re all here together.They probably woke up early to celebrate May Day and came here for
                                my celebration when they heard I’d be here. But tell me,
                                Egeus. Isn’t today the day when Hermia has to tell us her
                                decision about whether she’ll marry Demetrius?It is, my lord.Go tell the hunters to blow their horns and wake them up.Good morning, my friends. Valentine’s Day is over.