Begin these woodbirds but to couple now?Pardon, my lord.  I pray you all, stand up.
(to LYSANDER
                                and
                                DEMETRIUS)
I know you two are rival enemies.How comes this gentle concord in the world,That hatred is so far from jealousyTo sleep by hate and fear no enmity?My lord, I shall reply amazèdly,Half sleep, half waking. But as yet, I swear,I cannot truly say how I came here.But as I think—for truly would I speak,And now do I bethink me, so it is—I came with Hermia hither. Our intentWas to be gone from Athens, where we might,Without the peril of the Athenian law—
(to
                                THESEUS) Enough, enough, my lord. You
                                have enough!I beg the law, the law, upon his head.—They would have stol'n away, they would, Demetrius,Thereby to have defeated you and me,You of your wife and me of my consent,Of my consent that she should be your wife.
(to
                                THESEUS) My lord, fair Helen told me
                                of their stealth,Of this their purpose hither to this wood.And I in fury hither followed them,Fair Helena in fancy following me.#LBSFORGOLDAre you lovebirds only starting to pair up now?Forgive us, my lord.Please, all of you, stand up.
(to LYSANDER
                                and
                                DEMETRIUS) I know you two are
                                enemies. Has the world really become so gentle and peaceful that
                                people who hate each other have started to trust each other and
                                sleep beside each other without being afraid?My lord, what I say may be a little confused, since I’m
                                half asleep and half awake. I swear, at the moment I really
                                couldn’t tell you how I ended up here. But I
                                think—I want to tell you the truth, and now that I think
                                about it, I think this is true—I came here with Hermia.
                                We were planning to leave Athens to escape the Athenian law
                                and—
(to
                                THESEUS) Enough, enough, my lord.
                                You’ve heard enough evidence! I insist that the law
                                punish him—They were going to run away, Demetrius, they
                                were running away to defeat us, robbing you of your wife and me of
                                my fatherly right to decide who my son-in-law will be.
(to
                                THESEUS) My lord, the beautiful
                                Helena told me about their secret plan to escape into this forest. I
                                was furious and followed them here, and the lovely Helena was so in
                                love with me that she followed me. 