But, my good lord, I wot not by what power—But by some power it is—my love to Hermia,Melted as the snow, seems to me nowAs the remembrance of an idle gaudWhich in my childhood I did dote upon.And all the faith, the virtue of my heart,The object and the pleasure of mine eye,Is only Helena. To her, my lord,Was I betrothed ere I saw Hermia.But like in sickness did I loathe this food.But as in health, come to my natural taste,Now I do wish it, love it, long for it,And will for evermore be true to it.Fair lovers, you are fortunately met.Of this discourse we more will hear anon.—Egeus, I will overbear your will.For in the temple by and by with usThese couples shall eternally be knit.—And, for the morning now is something worn,Our purposed hunting shall be set aside.Away with us to Athens. Three and three,We’ll hold a feast in great solemnity.Come, Hippolyta.These things seem small and undistinguishable,Like far-off mountains turnèd into clouds.When everything seems double. Methinks I see these things with
                                parted eye,    So
                            methinks.#LBSFORGOLDI’m not
                                sure how it happened—but somehow, something made my love
                                for Hermia melt away like snow. My past love for Hermia now seems
                                like a memory of some cheap toy I used to love as a child. Now the
                                only person I love, and believe in, and want to look at, is Helena.
                                I was engaged to her before I ever met Hermia. Then I hated her for
                                a time, as a sick person hates the food he usually loves. But now I
                                have my natural taste back, like a sick person when he recovers. Now
                                I want Helena, I love her, I long for her, and I will always be true
                                to her.
You pretty lovers are lucky you met me here. We’ll talk
                                more about this later.—Egeus, I’m overriding
                                your wishes. These couples will be married along with me and
                                Hippolyta in the temple later today.—And now, since the
                                morning is almost over, we’ll give up on the idea of
                                hunting. Come with us to Athens. We three couples will celebrate
                                with a sumptuous feast. Come, Hippolyta.What exactly just happened? The events of last night seem small
                                and hard to see clearly, like far-off mountains that look like
                                clouds in the distance.Yes, it’s like my eyes are out of focus, and
                                I’m seeing everything double.Me too. 