And I have found Demetrius like a jewel,Mine own, and not mine own.    Are you sureThat we are awake? It seems to meThat yet we sleep, we dream. Do not you thinkThe duke was here, and bid us follow him?Yea, and my father.  And Hippolyta.And he did bid us follow to the temple.Why then, we are awake. Let’s follow himAnd by the way let us recount our dreams.
(waking) When my cue comes, call
                                me, and I will answer. My next is “Most fair
                                Pyramus.” Heigh-ho! Peter Quince? Flute the
                                bellows-mender? Snout the tinker? Starveling? God’s my
                                life, stol'n hence, and left me asleep? I have had a most
                                rare vision. I have had a dream—past the wit of man to
                                say what dream it was. Man is but an ass if he go about to expound
                                this dream. Methought I was—there is no man can tell
                                what. Methought I was, and methought I had—but man is but
                                a patched fool if he will offer to say what methought I had. The eye
                                of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen,
                                man’s hand is not able to taste, his tongue to conceive,
                                nor his heart to report what my dream was. I will get Peter Quince
                                to write a ballad of this dream. #LBSFORGOLDI won Demetrius so easily, as if he were a precious
                            diamond I just found lying around. It’s mine because I found it, but I feel like someone else could easily come
                                and claim it was hers.
Are you sure we’re awake? It seems to me like
                                we’re still sleeping, still dreaming. Do you remember
                                seeing the duke here? Did he tell us to follow him?Yes, he did. And my father was here too.And Hippolyta.And he told us to follow him to the temple.Well, then, we’re awake. Let’s follow him.
                                We can tell one another our dreams along the way.
(waking up) Tell me when my cue
                                comes, and I’ll say my line. My next cue is
                                “Most handsome Pyramus.” Hey! Peter Quince?
                                Flute the bellows-repairman? Snout the handyman? Starveling? My God,
                                they’ve all run away and left me sleeping here? What a
                                weird dream I had.—You can’t even describe
                                such a weird dream. You’d be an ass if you even tried to
                                explain it. I thought I was—no, nobody can even describe
                                what I was. I thought I was, I thought I had—but a person
                                would be an idiot to try to say what I thought I had. No eye has
                                ever heard, no ear has ever seen, no hand has tasted, or tongue
                                felt, or heart described what my dream was like. I’ll get
                                Peter Quince to write this dream down as a ballad. 