Where I did meet thee once with HelenaTo do observance to a morn of May—There will I stay for thee.    My good Lysander!I swear to thee by Cupid’s strongest bow,By his best arrow with the golden head,By the simplicity of Venus' doves,By that which knitteth souls and prospers loves,And by that fire which burned the Carthage queenWhen the false Troyan under sail was seen,By all the vows that ever men have broke(In number more than ever women spoke),In that same place thou hast appointed me,Tomorrow truly will I meet with thee.Keep promise, love. Look, here comes Helena.Godspeed, fair Helena! Whither away?Call you me “fair”? That
                                “fair” again unsay.Demetrius loves your fair. O happy fair!Your eyes are lodestars, and your tongue’s sweet airMore tunable than lark to shepherd’s earWhen wheat is green, when hawthorn buds appear.Sickness is catching. Oh, were favor so,Yours would I catch, fair Hermia, ere I go.My ear should catch your voice. My eye, your eye.My tongue should catch your tongue’s sweet melody.Were the world mine, Demetrius being bated,The rest I’d give to be to you translated.#LBSFORGOLDYou remember the
                                place—I met you there once with Helena to celebrate May
                                Day.—I’ll wait for you there.
Oh, Lysander, I swear I’ll be there tomorrow. I swear
                                by Cupid’s strongest bow and his best gold-tipped arrow,
                                by the Goddess of Love’s innocent doves, by everything
                                that ties lovers together, by the bonfire where Queen Dido burned
                                herself to death when her lover Aeneas jilted her, and by all the
                                promises that men have broken (and men have broken more promises
                                than women have ever made). I give you my word, I will meet you at
                                that spot tomorrow.Keep your promise, my love. Look, here comes Helena.Hello, beautiful Helena! Where are you going?Did you just call me “beautiful”? Take it
                                back. You’re the beautiful one as far as Demetrius is
                                concerned. Oh, you’re so lucky! Your eyes are like stars,
                                and your voice is more musical than a lark’s song is to a
                                shepherd in the springtime. Sickness is contagious—I wish
                                beauty were contagious too! I would catch your good looks before I
                                left. My ear would be infected by your voice, my eye by your eye,
                                and my tongue would come down with a bad case of your melodious
                                speech. If the world were mine, I’d give it all
                                up—everything except Demetrius—to be you. 