Have you sent to Bottom’s house? Is he come home
                            yet?He cannot be heard of. Out of doubt he is transported.If he come not, then the play is marred. It goes not forward. Doth
                                it?It is not possible. You have not a man in all Athens able to
                                discharge Pyramus but he.No, he hath simply the best wit of any handicraft man in
                            Athens.Yea, and the best person too. And he is a very paramour for a
                                sweet voice.You must say “paragon.” A
                                “paramour” is, God bless us, a thing of
                                naught.Masters, the duke is coming from the temple, and there is two or
                                three lords and ladies more married. If our sport had gone forward,
                                we had all been made men.O sweet bully Bottom! Thus hath he lost sixpence a day during his
                                life. He could not have ’scaped sixpence a day. An the
                                duke had not given him sixpence a day for playing Pyramus, I’ll be hanged. #LBSFORGOLDHave you sent anyone to Bottom’s house? Has he come
                                home yet?No one’s heard from him. I’m sure
                                he’s been kidnapped.If he doesn’t show up, the play is ruined. It
                                won’t go on. Will it?No, it would be impossible. He’s the only person in
                                Athens who can play Pyramus.Definitely. He’s quite simply the smartest working-man
                                in Athens.Yes, and the best looking too. And his voice is the paramour of
                                sweetness.You mean “paragon.” A “paramour”paramour = lover“paramour” is something bad.The duke’s leaving the temple. Two or three more lords
                                and ladies have been married too. If we’d been able to
                                put on our play, we would have had it made.Oh that great, funny guy, Bottom! He would have gotten a pension
                                of six pence a day for his whole life. Six pence a day
                                would’ve been forced on him. I’ll be damned if
                                the duke wouldn’t have given him six pence a day for
                                playing Pyramus. 