He would have deserved it.
                                Sixpence a day in Pyramus, or nothing.Where are these lads? Where are these hearts?Bottom! O most courageous day! O most happy hour!Masters, I am to discourse wonders—but ask me not what,
                                for if I tell you I am no true Athenian. I will tell you everything,
                                right as it fell out.Let us hear, sweet Bottom.Not a word of me. All that I will tell you is that the duke hath
                                dined. Get your apparel together, good strings to your beards, new
                                ribbons to your pumps. Meet presently at the palace. Every man look
                                o'er his part. For the short and the long is, our play is
                                preferred. In any case, let Thisbe have clean linen. And let not him
                                that plays the lion pair his nails, for they shall hang out for the
                                lion’s claws. And most dear actors, eat no onions nor
                                garlic, for we are to utter sweet breath. And I do not doubt but to
                                hear them say, “It is a sweet comedy.” No more
                                words. Away, go away!#LBSFORGOLDAnd he would have deserved it too. Pyramus is worth six pence a day,A pension of six pence a day would be a lot of money for a working class man.six pence a day, or it’s worth nothing!
Where are my guys? Where are my good fellows?Bottom! Oh, how wonderful to see you! Oh, what a relief!My friends, I’ve got some amazing things to tell
                                you—but don’t ask me to tell you what. I swear
                                by my Athenian citizenship that I won’t tell you
                                anything. I’ll tell you everything exactly as it
                                happened.Tell us, Bottom.No, you won’t get a word out of me. All I’ll
                                tell you is that the duke has had dinner already. Now
                                it’s time to get your costumes together. Find some good
                                strings for tying on your false beards, and grab new ribbons to
                                decorate your shoes. Meet me at the palace as soon as possible. Look
                                over your lines again. Our play’s going to be performed
                                for the duke! So make sure Thisbe’s wearing clean
                                underwear, and make sure whoever’s playing the lion
                                doesn’t cut his nails, because he needs them long to look
                                like lion’s claws. And no one eat any onions or garlic.
                                If we have sweet-smelling breath, I’m sure
                                they’ll say “it’s a sweet
                                play.” Now no more talking. Get busy, go!