'Tis strange, my Theseus, that these lovers speak
                            of.More strange than true. I never may believeThese antique fables nor these fairy toys.Lovers and madmen have such seething brains,Such shaping fantasies, that apprehendMore than cool reason ever comprehends.The lunatic, the lover, and the poetAre of imagination all compact.One sees more devils than vast hell can hold—That is the madman. The lover, all as frantic,Sees Helen’s beauty in a brow of Egypt.The poet’s eye, in fine frenzy rolling,Doth glance from heaven to Earth, from Earth to heaven.And as imagination bodies forthThe forms of things unknown, the poet’s penTurns them to shapes and gives to airy nothingA local habitation and a name.Such tricks hath strong imagination,That if it would but apprehend some joy,It comprehends some bringer of that joy.Or in the night, imagining some fear,How easy is a bush supposed a bear!But all the story of the night told over,And all their minds transfigured so together,More witnesseth than fancy’s imagesAnd grows to something of great constancy,But, howsoever, strange and admirable.#LBSFORGOLDThese lovers are saying some strange things, Theseus.Yes, strange—and totally made up too. I’ll
                                never believe any of these old legends or fairy tales. Lovers and
                                madmen hallucinate about things that sane people just
                                can’t understand. Lunatics, lovers, and poets all are
                                ruled by their overactive imaginations. some people think they see
                                devils and monsters everywhere—and they’re
                                lunatics. Lovers are just as crazy, and think a dark-skinned gypsy
                                is the most gorgeous woman in the world. Poets are always looking
                                around like they’re having a fit, confusing the mundane
                                with the otherworldly, and describing things in their writing that
                                simply don’t exist. All these people have such strong
                                imaginations that, when they feel happy, they assume a god or some
                                other supernatural being is bringing that happiness to them. Or if
                                they’re afraid of something at night, they look at the
                                shrubbery and imagine it’s a wild bear!But the story that these lovers are telling, and the fact that
                                they all saw and heard exactly the same things, make me think
                                there’s more going on here than imaginary fantasies.
                                Their story is bizarre and astounding, but it’s solid and
                                consistent.