Here come the lovers, full of joy and mirth.—Joy, gentle friends! Joy and fresh days of loveAccompany your hearts!    More than to usWait in your royal walks, your board, your bed!Come now, what masques, what dances shall we haveTo wear away this long age of three hoursBetween our after-supper and bedtime?Where is our usual manager of mirth?What revels are in hand? Is there no play,To ease the anguish of a torturing hour?Call Philostrate.  Here, mighty Theseus.Say, what abridgement have you for this evening?What masque, what music? How shall we beguileThe lazy time if not with some delight?
(giving THESEUS
                                a document)
There is a brief, how many sports are ripe.Make choice of which your highness will see first.
(reads)
 “The battle with the Centaurs, to be sung By an Athenian eunuch to the harp.”We’ll none of that. That have I told my love,In glory of my kinsman Hercules. “The riot of the tipsy Bacchanals, Tearing the Thracian singer in their rage.”That is an old device, and it was playedWhen I from Thebes came last a conqueror.#LBSFORGOLDHere come the lovers, laughing happily.—I wish you joy,
                                my friends! I hope the days ahead are full of joy for you.We wish you even more joy, and hope joy comes to you in your royal
                                walks, at your table, and in your royal bed!Now, what kind of entertainment do we have to fill up the long
                                three hours between dinner and bedtime? Where is our entertainment
                                director? What performances have been prepared? Aren’t
                                there any plays for us to enjoy while we wait in torture for bedtime
                                to come? Let me see Philostrate.Here I am, Theseus.Tell us what entertainment you’ve prepared for the
                                evening. Which plays, what music? How will we pass the time without
                                some entertainment?
(giving THESEUS
                                a piece of paper) Here’s a
                                list of all of the acts that have been prepared. Choose which one
                                you want to see first.
(reading) “The battle
                                between Hercules and the Centaurs, to be sung by an Athenian eunuch,
                                accompanied by a harp.” No, we won’t see that.
                                I’ve already told that story to Hippolyta, while praising
                                my cousin Hercules. What else? “The riot of the drunk
                                Bacchanals who rip the singer Orpheus to shreds.”
                                That’s an old show, and I saw it the last time I came
                                back from conquering