 “The thrice three Muses mourning for the
                                death Of learning, late deceased in beggary.”That is some satire, keen and critical,Not sorting with a nuptial ceremony. “A tedious brief scene of young Pyramus And his love Thisbe. Very tragical mirth.”“Merry” and
                                “tragical”? “Tedious”
                                and “brief”?That is hot ice and wondrous strange snow.How shall we find the concord of this discord?A play there is, my lord, some ten words long,Which is as brief as I have known a play.But by ten words, my lord, it is too long,Which makes it tedious. For in all the playThere is not one word apt, one player fitted.And tragical, my noble lord, it is.For Pyramus therein doth kill himself.Which, when I saw rehearsed, I must confess,Made mine eyes water—but more merry tearsThe passion of loud laughter never shed.What are they that do play it?Hard-handed men that work in Athens here,Which never labored in their minds till now,And now have toiled their unbreathed memoriesWith this same play against your nuptial.And we will hear it.  No, my noble lord.It is not for you. I have heard it over,And it is nothing, nothing in the world—Unless you can find sport in their intents,Extremely stretched and conned with cru 'l painTo do you service.#LBSFORGOLDThebes. “The nine Muses mourning the death of learning
                                and scholarship.” That’s some sharp, critical
                                satire, and it’s not appropriate for a wedding.
                                “A tedious short drama about young Pyramus and his love
                                Thisbe, a very sad and tragic comedy.” A sad comedy?
                                Short but still tedious? That’s like hot ice and strange
                                snow. How can this drama be so many contradictory things?It’s a play about ten words long, which is the shortest
                                play I’ve ever heard of. But in my opinion,
                                it’s about ten words too long. That’s why
                                it’s tedious. In the entire play, not one word is
                                well-written, and not one of the actors is right for his part.
                                It’s tragic because Pyramus kills himself. I have to
                                admit that when I saw his suicide during rehearsal, I had tears in
                                my eyes—but they were tears of laughter.Who are the actors?Rough workmen from Athens who never spent much time thinking. Now
                                they’ve worn out their out-of-shape brains to put on this
                                play for your wedding.So let’s see it.No, my noble lord. This play isn’t right for you.
                                I’ve seen the whole thing, and it’s completely
                                worthless—unless you think their bad acting and their
                                misremembered lines—which they memorized so
                                painfully—are funny.