  I will hear that play.For never anything can be amissWhen simpleness and duty tender it.Go, bring them in.—And take your places, ladies.I love not to see wretchedness o'er chargedAnd duty in his service perishing.Why, gentle sweet, you shall see no such thing.He says they can do nothing in this kind.The kinder we, to give them thanks for nothing.Our sport shall be to take what they mistake.And what poor duty cannot do, noble respectTakes it in might, not merit.Where I have come, great clerks have purposèdTo greet me with premeditated welcomes,Where I have seen them shiver and look pale,Make periods in the midst of sentences,Throttle their practiced accent in their fears,And in conclusion dumbly have broke off,Not paying me a welcome. Trust me, sweet,Out of this silence yet I picked a welcome,And in the modesty of fearful dutyI read as much as from the rattling tongueOf saucy and audacious eloquence.Love, therefore, and tongue-tied simplicityIn least speak most, to my capacity.#LBSFORGOLDI’ll watch this play. Nothing can really be bad when
                                it’s created by simple people who try hard. Come on,
                                bring them in. And sit down, ladies.I don’t like seeing poor people overburdened or looking
                                bad when they’re trying to do something good.You won’t see anything like that, sweetheart.He just said that they’re no good at acting.Then we’re even kinder people for thanking them for
                                something that they’re not good at. We’ll
                                entertain ourselves by accepting their mistakes. When poor dutiful
                                people can’t do certain things well, generous people can
                                consider the effort they put into it rather than the effect that
                                they produce. In my travels, great scholars have come up to me,
                                meaning to greet me with well-rehearsed welcoming speeches, and I
                                have seen them tremble and turn pale, and pause inappropriately in
                                the middle of their sentences, and botch their well-rehearsed tones
                                of voice because they’re so nervous, and then break off
                                abruptly at the end, without actually welcoming me. Trust me, my
                                sweet, I figured out that they were trying to welcome me even though
                                they were silent, and that message was as clear from someone who was
                                modest and nervously dutiful as it is from someone who is loud and
                                audacious and eloquent. Therefore, love and tongue-tied simplicity
                                can say the most even when they’re saying the least, in
                                my opinion.