So please your grace, the Prologue is addressed.Let him approach.
(delivered by
                                QUINCE)
If we offend, it is with our good will.That you should think we come not to offend,But with good will. To show our simple skill,That is the true beginning of our end.Consider then we come but in despite.We do not come as minding to contest you,Our true intent is. All for your delightWe are not here. That you should here repent you,The actors are at hand, and by their showYou shall know all that you are like to know.This fellow doth not stand upon points.He hath rid his prologue like a rough colt. He knows not the
stop. A good moral, my lord: it is not enough to speak, but
 to speak true.
Indeed he hath played on his prologue like a child on a
recorder—a sound, but not in government.
#LBSFORGOLDYour grace, the person who is going to deliver the prologue is
                                ready.Let him come forward.If we happen to offend you, it’s because we want to. We
                                don’t want you to think we came here to offend you,
                                except that we want to offend you with our good intentions. Our plan
                                to show off our little bit of talent will wind up getting us
                                executed. Please keep in mind we’re only here out of
                                spite. We don’t come here with the intention of making
                                you happy. We’re absolutely not here to delight you. The
                                actors are ready to come out and make you sorry. By watching their
                                show, you’ll find out everything you’re likely
                                to know.If Quince had read this speech with the proper punctuation, it would mean “If we happen to offend you, we hope you know that we didn’t come here intending to offend you, but with the good intention of showing off our little bit of skill. That’s all we want to do. Please keep in mind that we came here only to please you. Our true intention is to delight you. We didn’t come here to make you sorry. The actors are ready…”
This guy doesn’t pay much attention to
                            punctuation.He rode that prologue like a wild horse. He didn’t know
                                how to stop it. The moral of this story is that it’s not
                                enough to speak; you have to speak grammatically.Yes, he performed his prologue like a child plays a
                                recorder—he can make sounds, but they’re out
                                of control.