His speech was like a tangled chain. Nothing impaired, but
all disordered. Who is next?

(delivered by
                                QUINCE)
Gentles, perchance you wonder at this show.But wonder on, till truth make all things plain.This man is Pyramus, if you would know.This beauteous lady Thisbe is certain.This man, with lime and roughcast, doth presentWall, that vile wall which did these lovers sunder.And through Wall’s chink, poor souls, they are contentTo whisper. At the which let no man wonder.This man, with lanthorn, dog, and bush of thorn,Presenteth Moonshine. For, if you will know,By moonshine did these lovers think no scornTo meet at Ninus' tomb—there, there to woo.This grisly beast, which “Lion” hight by
                                name,The trusty Thisbe, coming first by night,Did scare away, or rather did affright.And, as she fled, her mantle she did fall,Which Lion vile with bloody mouth did stain.Anon comes Pyramus, sweet youth and tall,And finds his trusty Thisbe’s mantle slain.Whereat, with blade, with bloody blameful blade,He bravely broached his boiling bloody breast.And Thisbe, tarrying in mulberry shade,His dagger drew, and died. For all the rest,Let Lion, Moonshine, Wall, and lovers twainAt large discourse, while here they do remain.#LBSFORGOLDHis speech was like a tangled chain. It went on and on and was a
                                total mess. Who’s next?
(delivered by
                                QUINCE) Ladies and gentlemen, perhaps
                                you are wondering what is going on. Well, keep wondering, until the
                                truth makes everything clear. This man is Pyramus, if you want to
                                know. This beautiful lady is definitely Thisbe. This man with the
                                limestone and cement is portraying Wall, that horrible wall that
                                kept these lovers apart. They are content to whisper through
                                Wall’s little hole, the poor souls, and no one should be
                                surprised. This man, with his lantern, dog, and thornbush, portrays
                                Moonshine, because, if you want to know, the lovers were not ashamed
                                to meet each other by moonshine at Ninus’s tomb in order
                                to carry on their courtship. This grisly beast, which is called
                                “Lion,” scared away, or rather frightened, the
                                faithful Thisbe when she arrived at the meeting place at night. As
                                she ran away from him, she dropped her cloak, which the horrible
                                Lion stained with his bloody mouth. Soon Pyramus comes along, a tall
                                and handsome young man, and finds his faithful Thisbe’s
                                cloak to be dead. At this point, he takes his sword, his bloody
                                blameful blade, and bravely breaks open his boiling bloody breast.
                                And Thisbe, hiding in the shade of the mulberry bushes, took his
                                dagger and killed herself. For the rest of the story, let Lion,
                                Moonshine, Wall, and the two lovers talk more about it, since
                                they’re standing here.