I wonder if the lion be to speak.No wonder, my lord. One lion may when many asses do.
(played by
                                SNOUT) In this same interlude it doth
                                befallThat I, one Snout by name, present a wall.And such a wall, as I would have you think,That had in it a crannied hole, or chink,Through which the lovers, Pyramus and Thisbe,Did whisper often very secretly.This loam, this roughcast, and this stone doth showThat I am that same wall. The truth is so.And this the cranny is, right and sinister,Through which the fearful lovers are to whisper.Would you desire lime and hair to speak better?It is the wittiest partition that ever I heard discourse,
 my lord.
Pyramus draws near the wall. Silence!
(played by
                                BOTTOM)
O grim-looked night! O night with hue so black!O night, which ever art when day is not!O night, O night! Alack, alack, alack,#LBSFORGOLDI wonder if the lion’s going to talk.It wouldn’t surprise me, my lord. If these asses can
                                speak, a lion should be able to.
(played by
                                SNOUT) At this point I, Snout, play a
                                wall. But not just any wall. I want you to understand that
                                I’m pretending to be a kind of wall that has a little
                                hole in it. The lovers Pyramus and Thisbe often whispered very
                                secretly through that hole. This clay, this cement, and this stone
                                that I’m carrying around show that I’m that
                                wall. It’s the truth. And this is the crack, right side
                                and left side
                                (points with two fingers), through
                                which the frightened lovers will be whispering.Can you imagine cement and stone talking better?It’s the smartest partition I’ve ever heard
                                speak, my lord.Pyramus is coming up to the wall. Be quiet!
(played by
                                BOTTOM) Oh, grim-looking night! Oh,
                                night that is so black in color! Oh night, which is always there
                                when it is not day! Oh night! Oh night! So sad, sad, sad,
                                 