O, teach me how you look and with what artYou sway the motion of Demetrius' heart.I frown upon him, yet he loves me still.Oh, that your frowns would teach my smiles such skill!I give him curses, yet he gives me love.Oh, that my prayers could such affection move!The more I hate, the more he follows me.The more I love, the more he hateth me.His folly, Helena, is no fault of mine.None, but your beauty. Would that fault were mine!Take comfort. He no more shall see my face.Lysander and myself will fly this place.Before the time I did Lysander seeSeemed Athens as a paradise to me.Oh, then, what graces in my love do dwell,That he hath turned a heaven unto a hell!Helen, to you our minds we will unfold.Tomorrow night when Phoebe doth beholdHer silver visage in the watery glass,Decking with liquid pearl the bladed grass(A time that lovers' flights doth still conceal),Through Athens' gates have we devised to steal.
(to
                                HELENA) And in the wood where often
                                you and IUpon faint primrose beds were wont to lie,Emptying our bosoms of their counsel sweet,#LBSFORGOLDOh,
                            teach me how you look the way you do, and which tricks you used to make Demetrius fall in
                                love with you.
I frown at him, but he still loves me.Oh, if only my smiles could inspire love as effectively as your
                                frowns!I curse him, but he loves me.If only my prayers could inspire that kind of affection!The more I hate him, the more he follows me around.The more I love him, the more he hates me.It’s not my fault he acts like that, Helena.That’s true, it’s your beauty’s
                                fault. I wish I had a fault like that!Don’t worry. He won’t see my face ever
                                again. Lysander and I are running away from here. Before I saw
                                Lysander, Athens seemed like paradise to me. But
                                Lysander’s so attractive that he’s turned
                                heaven into hell!Helena, we’ll tell you about our secret plan. Tomorrow
                                night, when the moon shines on the water and decorates the grass
                                with tiny beads of pearly light (the time of night that always hides
                                runaway lovers), we plan to sneak out of Athens.
(to
                                HELENA) In the woods where you and I
                                used to lounge around on the pale primroses, telling each other
                                sweet secrets—that’s where Lysander and I will
                                meet.