I fear my Thisbe’s promise is forgot!—And thou, O Wall, O sweet, O lovely Wall,That stand’st between her father’s ground
                                and mine.Thou Wall, O Wall, O sweet and lovely Wall,Show me thy chink to blink through with mine eyne!Thanks, courteous Wall. Jove shield thee well for this!But what see I? No Thisbe do I see.O wicked Wall through whom I see no bliss!Cursed be thy stones for thus deceiving me!The wall, methinks, being sensible, should curse again.
(out of character) No, in truth,
                                sir, he should not.
“Deceiving me” is Thisbe’s cue.
                                She is to enter now and I
am to spy her through the wall. You shall see, it will fall pat
as I told you. Yonder she comes.

(played by
                                FLUTE)
O Wall, full often hast thou heard my moans,For parting my fair Pyramus and me!My cherry lips have often kissed thy stones,Thy stones with lime and hair knit up in thee.I see a voice. Now will I to the chink,To spy an I can hear my Thisbe’s face. Thisbe?My love thou art, my love, I think.#LBSFORGOLDI’m afraid my Thisbe has forgotten her
                                promise!—And you, oh Wall, oh sweet, oh lovely Wall, you
                                stand between her father’s property and mine, you Wall,
                                oh Wall, oh sweet and lovely Wall.
                                Show me your hole to stick my eye up against!Thank you, you’re such a polite wall. God bless you for doing this.
		                        But what’s this I see? I don’t see any Thisbe.
		                        Oh wicked wall, through which I don’t see any happiness!
		                        Damn your stones for disappointing me like this!Since the wall is conscious, it should curse back at him.
(out of character) No, actually,
                                sir, he shouldn’t say anything. It’s not his
                                turn, it’s Thisbe’s. “Disappointing
                                me like this” is Thisbe’s cue.
                                She’s supposed to enter now, and I’ll see her
                                through the wall. You’ll see, it’ll happen
                                exactly like I say. Here she comes.
(played by
                                FLUTE) Oh wall, you’ve
                                often heard me moaning because you keep me separated from my
                                handsome Pyramus! My cherry lips have often kissed your bricks,
                                which are stuck together with cement.I see a voice! I’ll go to the hole to see if I can hear
                                my Thisbe’s face. Thisbe?You are my love, my love, I think.