This lion is a very fox, for his valor.True. And a goose for his discretion.Not so, my lord. For his valor cannot carry his discretion,
and the fox carries the goose.
His discretion, I am sure, cannot carry his valor, for the
goose carries not the fox. It is well. Leave it to his discretion,
and let us listen to the moon.

(played by
                                STARVELING)
This lanthorn doth the hornèd moon
                            present—He should have worn the horns on his head.He is no crescent, and his horns are invisible within the
circumference.
This lanthorn doth the hornèd moon present.Myself the man i' th' moon do seem to
                                be—This is the greatest error of all the rest. The man should be
put into the lanthorn. How is it else the “man
                                i' th' moon”?
He dares not come there for the candle. For you see, it is
already in snuff.
I am aweary of this moon. Would he would change!It appears by his small light of discretion, that he is in the
wane. But yet, in courtesy, in all reason, we must stay the
time.
#LBSFORGOLDHe’s as brave as a fox.True. And as wise as a goose.Oh, that’s not true, my lord. He’s not brave
                                enough to be wise.He’s not wise enough to be brave. Anyway, he is what he
                                is. Let’s listen to the moon.This lantern represents the horned moonhorned moon = crescent moonhorned moon—He should have worn the horns on his head.Cuckolds (husbands whose wives cheat on them) were imagined as having horns.horns on his head.
He’s not a crescent moon, so his horns must be
                                invisible inside the circle.This lantern represents the moon. I myself am playing the man in
                                the moon—Well then, that’s the biggest mistake of all. The man
                                should be inside the lantern. How else is he the “man in
                                the moon”?He can’t go in there because of the candle.
                                It’s too hot.I’m tired of this moon. I wish he’d wax or
                                wane off the stage.It seems like he’s waning, but out of politeness
                                we’ll have to wait and see.#LBSFORGOLD#LBSFORGOLD