Ay, that left papWhere heart doth hop.
                                (stabs
                                himself)
Thus die I, thus, thus, thus.Now am I dead.Now am I fled.My soul is in the sky.Tongue, lose thy light.Moon, take thy flight.Now die, die, die, die, die.
(dies)
No die, but an ace for him, for he is but one.Less than an ace, man. For he is dead. He is nothing.With the help of a surgeon he might yet recover and prove
an ass.
How chance Moonshine is gone before Thisbe comes back
and finds her lover?
She will find him by starlight. Here she comes, and her
passion ends the play.
Methinks she should not use a long one for such a Pyramus.I hope she will be brief.A mote will turn the balance, which Pyramus, which
Thisbe, is the better. He for a man, God warrant us, she for
a woman, God bless us.
#LBSFORGOLDAnd so I’m dying. Here I go, here I go. Okay, now
                                I’m dead. My soul has fled to the sky. My tongue shall
                                see no more, It’s time for the moon to go away.Now die, die, die, die, die.
                                (PYRAMUS
                                dies)
Is someone throwing dice? I guess it’s
                                “die,” not dice, since there’s only
                                one of him.Actually he’s a die with no dots, since he’s
                                nothing—he’s dead.With a doctor’s help he might recover and become an ass
                                again.If Moonshine’s gone before Thisbe comes back, how will
                                she be able to see in the dark to find her lover dead?She’ll see him by starlight. Here she comes. Her
                                moaning and groaning will end the play.I don’t think a ridiculous Pyramus like that one
                                deserves much moaning. I hope she keeps it short.I can’t decide whether Pyramus or Thisbe is better. God
                                help us if he’s a better man. But God help us if
                                she’s a better woman.