She hath spied him already with those sweet eyes.And thus she means, videlicet—Asleep, my love?What, dead, my dove?O Pyramus, arise!Speak, speak. Quite dumb?Dead, dead? A tombMust cover thy sweet eyes.These lily lips,This cherry nose,These yellow cowslip cheeksAre gone, are gone.Lovers, make moan.His eyes were green as leeks.O Sisters three,Come, come to meWith hands as pale as milk.Lay them in gore,Since you have shoreWith shears his thread of silk.Tongue, not a word.Come, trusty sword.Come, blade, my breast
                                imbrue.(stabs
                                    herself)
And, farewell, friends.Thus Thisbe ends.Adieu, adieu, adieu.
(dies)
Moonshine and Lion are left to bury the dead.Ay, and Wall too.#LBSFORGOLDLook, she’s spotted him with those sweet eyes of
                            hers.And now she’ll start moaning, of
                            course—Are you asleep, my love? What, are you dead, my dove? Oh, Pyramus,
                                get up! Speak, speak. Can’t you talk? Dead, dead? The
                                dirt of a grave must cover your sweet eyes! Your lily-white lips,
                                your cherry-red nose, and your buttercup-yellow cheeks are gone,
                                gone forever. Lovers, moan and weep. His eyes were as green as
                                leeks. Oh, Fate, come, come to me, with hands as pale as milk. Soak
                                your hands in blood and gore, since you have cut the thread of his
                                life with scissors. Tongue, do not speak. Come, trusty sword. Come,
                                blade, drench my breast with blood.
                                (she
                                    stabs herself)
                                Goodbye, friends! This is how Thisbe comes to an end. Goodbye,
                                goodbye, goodbye. (THISBE
                                dies)
Moonshine and Lion are left to bury the dead.Yes, and Wall too.