
(out of character) No, assure you.
                                The wall is down that
parted their fathers. Will it please you to see the epilogue,
or to hear a Bergomask dance between two of our company?
No epilogue, I pray you, for your play needs no excuse. Never
excuse—for when the players are all dead, there needs
                                none
to be blamed. Marry, if he that writ it had played Pyramus
and hanged himself in Thisbe’s garter, it would have
                                been a
fine tragedy. And so it is, truly, and very notably discharged.
But come, your Bergomask. Let your epilogue alone.
The iron tongue of midnight hath told twelve.Lovers, to bed. 'Tis almost fairy time.I fear we shall outsleep the coming mornAs much as we this night have overwatched.This palpable-gross play hath well beguiledThe heavy gait of night. Sweet friends, to bed.A fortnight hold we this solemnity,In nightly revels and new jollity. Now the hungry lion roars And the wolf behowls the moon, Whilst the heavy ploughman snores, All with weary task fordone. Now the wasted brands do glow, Whilst the screech-owl, screeching loud, Puts the wretch that lies in woe In remembrance of a shroud. Now it is the time of night That the graves all gaping wide, Every one lets forth his sprite, In the churchway paths to glide.#LBSFORGOLD
(out of character) No, I assure
                                you. The wall that kept their fathers apart has been taken down.
                                Would you like to see the epilogue or hear a country dance between
                                two of us?No epilogue, please. Your play doesn’t need to be
                                excused afterward with an epilogue. Never apologize—when
                                the actors are all dead, no one can be blamed. As a matter of fact,
                                if the playwright had played Pyramus and hanged himself with
                                Thisbe’s belt, it would have been a very good tragedy.
                                It’s a good tragedy, very well done. But come on,
                                let’s see you do your dance. Forget your epilogue.The clock has chimed midnight. Lovers, it’s time to go
                                to bed. It’s almost fairy time. I’m afraid
                                we’re going to oversleep in the morning as late as
                                we’ve stayed up tonight.This blatantly stupid play helped
                                us kill the time until bed. Dear friends, let’s go to
                                bed. We’ll continue this celebration for two weeks, with
                                nightly parties and new fun.Now the hungry lion roars and the wolf howls at the moon. The
                                farmer snores, exhausted from his work. The charred logs glow in the
                                fireplace, and the owl’s hoot makes the sick man think
                                about his own death. Now is the time of night when graves open wide
                                and release spirits to glide over the graveyard paths.