 And we fairies, that do run By the triple Hecate’s team From the presence of the sun, Following darkness like a dream, Now are frolic. Not a mouse Shall disturb this hallowed house. I am sent with broom before To sweep the dust behind the door.Through the house give glimmering light,By the dead and drowsy fire.Every elf and fairy spriteHop as light as bird from brier.And this ditty, after me,Sing and dance it trippingly.First, rehearse your song by rote,To each word a warbling note.Hand in hand with fairy graceWill we sing and bless this place.
(sings)
 Now until the break of
                                day, Through this house each fairy
                                    stray. To the best bride bed will
                                we, Which by us shall
                                    blessèd be. And the issue there
                                create
 Ever shall be
                                fortunate. So shall all the couples
                            three
 Ever true in loving be. And the blots of
                                    Nature’s hand
 Shall not in their issue
                                stand.#LBSFORGOLDAnd we
                            fairies, who run away from the sun just like the goddess of the
                            night, following darkness like a dream, are getting antsy. But
                            I’m here to make sure that not even a mouse disturbs this blessed house. I’ve been sent to
                                clean house a bit before the fairies come.
Let the dying fire shine a glimmering light throughout the house.
                                I want every elf and fairy to hop lightly, like a bird on a twig,
                                and to sing and dance this song along with me.First rehearse your song from memory, and make sure each note is
                                pretty. We’ll all join hands and sing, and bless this
                                place with our fairy grace.
(singing)

Now, until morning, each fairy should walk
                                    through this house. Titania and I will go to the royal marriage
                                    bed to bless it, and the children conceived in that bed will
                                    always have good luck. Each of the three couples will always be
                                    faithful and in love, and their children will have no
                                    deformities.
