 Never mole, harelip, nor
                                scar, Nor mark prodigious, such as
                                    are
 Despisèd in
                                nativity, Shall upon their children
                                be. With this field dew
                                consecrate, Every fairy take his
                                gait. And each several chamber
                                bless
 Through this palace with sweet
                                    peace. And the owner of it
                                blessed
 Ever shall in safety
                                rest. Trip away. Make no
                                stay. Meet me all by break of
                                day. If we shadows have offended, Think but this, and all is mended— That you have but slumbered here While these visions did appear. And this weak and idle theme, No more yielding but a dream, Gentles, do not reprehend. If you pardon, we will mend. And, as I am an honest Puck, If we have unearnèd luck Now to ’scape the serpent’s
                                tongue, We will make amends ere long. Else the Puck a liar call. So good night unto you all. Give me your hands if we be friends, And Robin shall restore amends.#LBSFORGOLD
They won’t have moles, or harelips, or
                                    scars, or abnormal markings, or anything else that might alarm
                                    someone if their baby was born with it. Use this blessed dew
                                    from the fields to bless each room in the palace with sweet
                                    peace. And the blessed owner will always be safe. Run along.
                                    Don’t stay long. Meet me at dawn.
If we actors have offended you, just think of it this way and
                                everything will be all right—you were asleep when you saw
                                these visions, and this silly and pathetic story was no more real
                                than a dream. Ladies and gentlemen, don’t get upset with
                                me. If you forgive us, we’ll make everything all right.
                                I’m an honest Puck, and I swear that if we’re
                                lucky enough not to get hissed at, we’ll make it up to
                                you soon. If not, then I’m a liar. So good night to
                                everyone. Give me some applause, if we’re friends, and
                                Robin will make everything up to you.