Now, fair Hippolyta, our nuptial hourDraws on apace. Four happy days bring inAnother moon. But oh, methinks how slowThis old moon wanes! She lingers my desires,Like to a stepdame or a dowagerLong withering out a young man’s revenue.Four days will quickly steep themselves in night.Four nights will quickly dream away the time.And then the moon, like to a silver bowNew bent in heaven, shall behold the nightOf our solemnities.    Go, Philostrate,Stir up the Athenian youth to merriments.Awake the pert and nimble spirit of mirth.Turn melancholy forth to funerals.The pale companion is not for our pomp.Hippolyta, I wooed thee with my swordAnd won thy love doing thee injuries.But I will wed thee in another key,With pomp, with triumph, and with reveling.Happy be Theseus, our renownèd duke.#LBSFORGOLDOur wedding day is almost here, my beautiful Hippolyta.
                                We’ll be getting married in four days, on the day of the
                                new moon. But it seems to me that the days are passing too
                                slowly—the old moon is taking too long to fade away! That
                                old, slow moon is keeping me from getting what I want, just like an
                                old widow makes her stepson wait to get his inheritance.No, you’ll see, four days will quickly turn into four
                                nights. And since we dream at night, time passes quickly then.
                                Finally the new moon, curved like a silver bow in the sky, will look
                                down on our wedding celebration.Go, Philostrate, get the young people of Athens ready to celebrate
                                and have a good time. Sadness is only appropriate for funerals. We
                                don’t want it at our festivities.Hippolyta, I wooed you with violence, using my sword, and got you
                                to fall in love with me by injuring you. But I’ll marry
                                you under different circumstances—with extravagant
                                festivals, public festivities, and celebration.Long live Theseus, our famous and respected duke!