What is Pyramus? A lover or a tyrant?Medieval and Renaissance plays often featured tyrant characters—kings who gave long, ranting speeches.tyrant?
A lover that kills himself, most gallant, for love.That will ask some tears in the true performing of it. If I do it,
                                let the audience look to their eyes. I will move storms. I will
                                condole in some measure.—To the rest.—Yet my
                                chief humor is for a tyrant. I could play Ercles rarely, or a part
                                to tear a cat in to make all split. The raging rocks
 And shivering shocks
 Shall break the locks
 Of prison gates. And Phoebus'
                                car
 Shall shine from far
 And make and mar
 The foolish Fates.This was lofty!—Now name the rest of the
                                players.—This is Ercles' vein, a
                                tyrant’s vein. A lover is more condoling.Francis Flute, the bellows-mender?Here, Peter Quince.Flute, you must take Thisbe on you.#LBSFORGOLDWhat’s Pyramus? A lover or a tyrant?A lover who kills himself very nobly for love.I’ll have to cry to make my performance believable. And
                                as soon as I start crying, oh boy, the audience had better watch
                                out, because they’ll start crying too. I’ll
                                make tears pour out of their eyes like rainstorms. I’ll
                                moan very believably.—Name the other
                                actors.—But I’m really in the mood to play a
                                tyrant. I could do a great job with Hercules, or any other part that
                                requires ranting and raving. I would rant and rave really well. Like
                                this, listen. The raging rocks
 nd shivering shocks
 Will break the locks
 Of prison gates. And the sun-god’s
                                    car
 Will shine from far
 Away, and make and mar
 Foolish fate.Oh, that was truly inspired!—Now tell us who the other
                                actors are.—By the way, my performance just now was in
                                the style of Hercules, the tyrant style. A lover would have to be
                                weepier, of course.Francis Flute, the bellows-repairman?Here, Peter Quince.Flute, you’ll be playing the role of Thisbe.