What is Thisbe? A wandering knight?It is the lady that Pyramus must love.Nay, faith, let me not play a woman. I have a beard coming.That’s all one. You shall play it in a mask, and you
                                may speak as small as you will.An I may hide my face, let me play Thisbe too! I’ll
                                speak in a monstrous little voice: “Thisne,
                                Thisne!”—“Ah, Pyramus, my lover
                                dear, thy Thisbe dear and lady dear!”No, no. You must play Pyramus.—And Flute, you
                            Thisbe.Well, proceed.Robin Starveling, the tailor?Here, Peter Quince.Robin Starveling, you must play Thisbe’s
                                mother.—Tom Snout, the tinker?Here, Peter Quince.You, Pyramus' father.—Myself,
                                Thisbe’s father.—Snug the joiner, you, the
                                lion’s part.—And I hope here is a play
                            fitted.#LBSFORGOLDWho’s Thisbe? A knight on a quest?Thisbe is the lady Pyramus is in love with.No, come on, don’t make me play a woman. I’m
                                growing a beard.That doesn’t matter. You’ll wear a mask, and
                                you can make your voice as high as you want to.In that case, if I can wear a mask, let me play Thisbe too!
                                I’ll be Pyramus first: “Thisne,
                                Thisne!”—And then in falsetto: “Ah,
                                Pyramus, my dear lover! I’m your dear Thisbe, your dear
                                lady!”No, no. Bottom, you’re Pyramus.—And Flute,
                                you’re Thisbe.All right. Go on.Robin Starveling, the tailor?Here, Peter Quince.Robin Starveling, you’re going to play
                                Thisbe’s mother.—Tom Snout, the
                            handyman.Here, Peter Quince.You’ll be Pyramus’s
                                father—I’ll play Thisbe’s father
                                myself—Snug, the cabinetmaker, you’ll play the
                                part of the lion.—So that’s everyone. I hope
                                this play is well cast now.