Have you the lion’s part written? Pray you, if it be,
                                give it me, for I am slow of study.You may do it extempore, for it is nothing but roaring.Let me play the lion too. I will roar, that I will do any
                                man’s heart good to hear me. I will roar, that I will
                                make the duke say, “Let him roar again. Let him roar
                                again.”An you should do it too terribly, you would fright the duchess and
                                the ladies, that they would shriek. And that were enough to hang us
                                all.That would hang us, every mother’s son.I grant you, friends, if you should fright the ladies out of their
                                wits, they would have no more discretion but to hang us. But I will
                                aggravate my voice so that I will roar you as gently as any sucking
                                dove. I will roar you an ’twere any nightingale.You can play no part but Pyramus. For Pyramus is a sweet-faced
                                man, a proper man as one shall see in a summer’s day, a
                                most lovely, gentlemanlike man. Therefore you must needs play
                                Pyramus.Well, I will undertake it. What beard were I best to play it
                            in?Why, what you will.#LBSFORGOLDDo you have the lion’s part written down? If you do,
                                please give it to me, because I need to start learning the lines. It
                                takes me a long time to learn things.You can improvise the whole thing. It’s just
                            roaring.Let me play the lion too. I’ll roar so well that
                                it’ll be an inspiration to anyone who hears me.
                                I’ll roar so well that the duke will say, “Let
                                him roar again. Let him roar again.”If you roar too ferociously, you’ll scare the duchess
                                and the other ladies and make them scream. And that would get us all
                                executed.Yeah, that would get every single one of us executed.Well, my friends, you’ve got to admit that if you scare
                                the living daylights out of the ladies, they’d have no
                                choice but to execute us. But I’ll soften my
                                voice—you know, aggravate“Aggravate” is a mistake for “moderate.”aggravate it, so to speak—so that I’ll roar as
                                gently as a baby dove. I’ll roar like a sweet, peaceful
                                nightingale.You can’t play any part except Pyramus. Because Pyramus
                                is a good-looking man, the most handsome man that you could find on
                                a summer’s day, a lovely gentlemanly man. So
                                you’re the only one who could play Pyramus.Well then, I’ll do it. What kind of beard should I wear
                                for the part?Whatever kind you want, I guess.