I will discharge it in either your straw-color beard, your
                                orange-tawny beard, your purple-in-grain beard, or your French
                                crown-color beard, your perfect yellow.Some of your French crowns have no hair at all, and then you will
                                play barefaced.—But masters, here are your parts. And I
                                am to entreat you, request you, and desire you to con them by
                                tomorrow night and meet me in the palace wood, a mile without the
                                town, by moonlight. There will we rehearse, for if we meet in the
                                city we shall be dogged with company, and our devices known. In the
                                meantime I will draw a bill of properties such as our play wants. I
                                pray you, fail me not.We will meet, and there we may rehearse most obscenely and
                                courageously. Take pains. Be perfect. Adieu.At the duke’s oak we meet.Enough. Hold, or cut bowstrings.#LBSFORGOLDI’ll play the part wearing either a straw-colored
                                beard, or a sandy beard, or a red beard, or one of those bright
                                yellow beards that’s the color of a French coin.Some French people don’t have beards at all, because
                                syphilis has made all their hair fall out, so you might have to play
                                the part clean-shaven.—But gentlemen, here are your
                                scripts, and I beg you to please learn them by tomorrow night. Meet
                                me in the duke’s forest a mile outside of town.
                                It’s best to rehearse there, because if we do it here in
                                the city, we’ll be bothered by crowds of people and
                                everyone will know the plot of our play. Meanwhile, I’ll
                                make a list of props that we’ll need for the play. Now
                                make sure you show up, all of you. Don’t leave me in the
                                lurch.We’ll be there, and there we’ll rehearse
                                courageously and wonderfully, truly obscenely. Work hard, know your
                                lines. Goodbye.We’ll meet at the giant oak tree in the
                                duke’s forest.Got it? Be there, or don’t show your face again.