How now, spirit? Whither wander you? Over hill, over dale, Thorough bush, thorough brier, Over park, over pale, Thorough flood, thorough fire. I do wander everywhere Swifter than the moon’s sphere. And I serve the fairy queen To dew her orbs upon the green. The cowslips tall her pensioners be. In their gold coats spots you see. Those be rubies, fairy favors. In those freckles live their savors. I must go seek some dewdrops here And hang a pearl in every cowslip’s ear.Farewell, thou lob of spirits. I’ll be gone.Our queen and all our elves come here anon.The king doth keep his revels here tonight.Take heed the queen come not within his sight.For Oberon is passing fell and wrathBecause that she, as her attendant hathA lovely boy stolen from an Indian king.She never had so sweet a changeling.And jealous Oberon would have the childKnight of his train, to trace the forests wild.But she perforce withholds the lovèd boy,Crowns him with flowers, and makes him all her joy.#LBSFORGOLDHello, spirit! Where are you going?I go over hills and valleys, through bushes and thorns, over parks
                                and fenced-in spaces, through water and fire. I wander everywhere
                                faster than the moon revolves around the Earth. I work for Titania,
                                the Fairy Queen, and organize fairy dances for her in the grass. The
                                cowslip flowers are her bodyguards. You’ll see that their
                                petals have spots on them—those are rubies, fairy gifts.
                                Their sweet smells come from those little freckles. Now I have to go
                                find some dewdrops and hang a pearl earring on every cowslip flower.
                                Goodbye, you dumb old spirit. I’ve got to go. The queen
                                and her elves will be here soon.The king’s having a party here tonight. Just make sure
                                the queen doesn’t come anywhere near him, because King
                                Oberon is extremely angry. He’s furious because she stole
                                an adorable boy from an Indian king. She’s never
                                kidnapped such a darling human child before, and Oberon’s
                                jealous. He wants the child for himself, to accompany him on his
                                wanderings through the wild forests. But the queen refuses to hand
                                the boy over to Oberon. Instead, she puts flowers in the
                                boy’s hair and makes a fuss over him. 