And now they never meet in grove or green,By fountain clear or spangled starlight sheen.But they do square, that all their elves for fearCreep into acorn cups and hide them there.Either I mistake your shape and making quite,Or else you are that shrewd and knavish spriteCalled Robin Goodfellow. Are not you heThat frights the maidens of the villagery,Skim milk, and sometimes labor in the quernAnd bootless make the breathless housewife churn,And sometime make the drink to bear no barm,Mislead night-wanderers, laughing at their harm?Those that “Hobgoblin” call you, and
                                “sweet Puck,”You do their work, and they shall have good luck.Are not you he?  Thou speak’st aright.I am that merry wanderer of the night.I jest to Oberon and make him smileWhen I a fat and bean-fed horse beguile,Neighing in likeness of a filly foal.And sometime lurk I in a gossip’s bowlIn very likeness of a roasted crab,And when she drinks, against her lips I bobAnd on her withered dewlap pour the ale.The wisest aunt telling the saddest taleSometime for three-foot stool mistaketh me.Then slip I from her bum, down topples she,And “Tailor!” cries, and falls into a cough,And then the whole quire hold their hips and laugh,And waxen in their mirth, and neeze, and swearA merrier hour was never wasted there.But, room, fairy! Here comes Oberon.And here my mistress. Would that he were gone!#LBSFORGOLDAnd now Oberon and
                            Titania refuse to speak to each other, or meet each other
                            anywhere—neither in the forest nor on the plain, nor by
                                the river nor under the stars. They always argue, and the little
                                fairies get so frightened that they hide in acorn cups and
                                won’t come out.
Unless I’m mistaken, you’re that mischievous
                                and naughty spirit named Robin Goodfellow. Aren’t you the
                                one who goes around scaring the maidens in the village, stealing the
                                cream from the top of the milk, screwing up the flour mills, and
                                frustrating housewives by keeping their milk from turning into
                                butter? Aren’t you the one who keeps beer from foaming up
                                as it should, and causes people to get lost at night, while you
                                laugh at them? Some people call you
                                “Hobgoblin” and “sweet
                                Puck,” and you’re nice to them. You do their
                                work for them and give them good luck. That’s you,
                            right?What you say is true. That’s me you’re
                                talking about, the playful wanderer of the night. I tell jokes to
                                Oberon and make him smile. I’ll trick a fat, well-fed
                                horse into thinking that I’m a young female horse.
                                Sometimes I hide at the bottom of an old woman’s drink
                                disguised as an apple. When she takes a sip, I bob up against her
                                lips and make her spill the drink all over her withered old neck.
                                Sometimes a wise old woman with a sad story to tell tries to sit
                                down on me, thinking I’m a three-legged stool. But I slip
                                from underneath her and she falls down, crying, “Ow, my
                                butt!” and starts coughing, and then everyone laughs and
                                has fun. But step aside, fairy! Here comes Oberon.And here’s my mistress, Titania. I wish he’d
                                go away!