Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania.What, jealous Oberon?—Fairies, skip hence.I have forsworn his bed and company.Tarry, rash wanton. Am not I thy lord?Then I must be thy lady. But I knowWhen thou hast stolen away from Fairyland,And in the shape of Corin sat all day,Playing on pipes of corn and versing loveTo amorous Phillida. Why art thou here,Come from the farthest step of India?But that, forsooth, the bouncing Amazon,Your buskined mistress and your warrior love,To Theseus must be wedded, and you comeTo give their bed joy and prosperity.How canst thou thus for shame, Titania,Knowing I know thy love to Theseus? Glance at my credit with
                                Hippolyta,Didst thou not lead him through the glimmering nightFrom Perigouna, whom he ravishèd?And make him with fair Ægles break his faith,With Ariadne and Antiopa?#LBSFORGOLDHow not nice to see you,
                            Titania.What, are you jealous, Oberon?—Fairies,
                                let’s get out of here. I’ve sworn
                                I’ll never sleep with him or talk to him again.Wait just a minute, you brazen hussy. Aren’t you
                                supposed to obey me, your lord and husband?If you’re my lord and husband, I must be your lady and
                                wife, so you’re supposed to be faithful to me. But I know
                                for a fact that you snuck away from Fairyland disguised as a
                                shepherd, and spent all day playing straw pipes and singing love
                                poems to your new girlfriend. The only reason you left India was to
                                come here and see that butch Amazon Hippolyta. She was your
                                boot-wearing mistress and your warrior lover, and now that
                                she’s getting married to Theseus, you’ve come
                                to celebrate their marriage.How can you stand there shamelessly talking about me and
                                Hippolyta, when you know that I know about your love for Theseus?
                                Weren’t you the one who made him desert Perigouna in the
                                middle of the night, right after he’d raped her? And
                                weren’t you the one who made him cheat on all of his
                                other girlfriends, like Aegles, Ariadne, and Antiopa?