These are the forgeries of jealousy.And never, since the middle summer’s spring,Met we on hill, in dale, forest, or mead,By pavèd fountain, or by rushy brook,Or in the beachèd margent of the sea,To dance our ringlets to the whistling wind,But with thy brawls thou hast disturbed our sport.Therefore the winds, piping to us in vain,As in revenge, have sucked up from the seaContagious fogs, which falling in the landHave every pelting river made so proudThat they have overborne their continents.The ox hath therefore stretched his yoke in vain,The ploughman lost his sweat, and the green cornHath rotted ere his youth attained a beard.The fold stands empty in the drownèd field,And crows are fatted with the murrain flock.The nine-men’s-morris is filled up with mud,And the quaint mazes in the wanton greenFor lack of tread are undistinguishable.The human mortals want their winter here.No night is now with hymn or carol blessed.Therefore the moon, the governess of floods,Pale in her anger, washes all the air,That rheumatic diseases do abound.And thorough this distemperature we seeThe seasons alter: hoary-headed frostsFall in the fresh lap of the crimson rose,And on old Hiems' thin and icy crownAn odorous chaplet of sweet summer budsIs, as in mockery, set. The spring, the summer,The childing autumn, angry winter changeTheir wonted liveries, and the mazèd world,By their increase, now knows not which is which.And this same progeny of evils comesFrom our debate, from our dissension.We are their parents and original.#LBSFORGOLDThese are nothing but jealous lies. Since the beginning of
                                midsummer, my fairies and I haven’t been able to meet
                                anywhere to do our dances in the wind without being disturbed by you
                                and your arguments. We haven’t been able to meet on a hill or in a valley, in
                                the forest or a meadow, by a pebbly fountain or a rushing stream, or
                                on the beach by the ocean without you disturbing us. And because you
                                interrupt us so that we can’t dance for them, the winds
                                have made fogs rise up out of the sea and fall down on the rivers so
                                that the rivers flood, just to get revenge on you. So all the work
                                that oxen and farmers have done in plowing the fields has been for
                                nothing, because the unripe grain has rotted before it was ripe.
                                Sheep pens are empty in the middle of the flooded fields, and the
                                crows get fat from eating the dead bodies of infected sheep. All the
                                fields where people usually play games are filled with mud, and you
                                can’t even see the elaborate mazes that people create in
                                the grass, because no one walks in them anymore and
                                they’ve all grown over. It’s not winter here
                                for the human mortals, so they’re not protected by the
                                holy hymns and carols that they sing in winter. So the pale, angry
                                moon, who controls the tides, fills the air with diseases. As a
                                consequence of this bad weather and these bad moods the seasons have
                                started to change. Cold frosts spread over the red roses, and the
                                icy winter wears a crown of sweet summer flowers as some sick joke.
                                Spring, summer, fertile autumn and angry winter have all changed
                                places, and now the confused world doesn’t know which is
                                which. And this is all because of our argument. We are responsible
                                for this.
