Thanks, good Egeus. What’s the news with thee?Full of vexation come I with complaintAgainst my child, my daughter Hermia.—Stand forth, Demetrius.—My noble lord,This man hath my consent to marry her.—Stand forth, Lysander.—And my gracious duke,This man hath bewitched the bosom of my child.—Thou, thou, Lysander, thou hast given her rhymes,And interchanged love tokens with my child.Thou hast by moonlight at her window sungWith feigning voice verses of feigning love,And stol'n the impression of her fantasyWith bracelets of thy hair, rings, gauds, conceits,Knacks, trifles, nosegays, sweetmeats—messengersOf strong prevailment in unhardened youth.With cunning hast thou filched my daughter’s heart,Turned her obedience (which is due to me)To stubborn harshness.—And, my gracious duke,Be it so she will not here before your graceConsent to marry with Demetrius,I beg the ancient privilege of Athens.As she is mine, I may dispose of her—Which shall be either to this gentlemanOr to her death—according to our lawImmediately provided in that case.What say you, Hermia? Be advised, fair maid:To you your father should be as a god,One that composed your beauties, yea, and oneTo whom you are but as a form in wax,By him imprinted and within his powerTo leave the figure or disfigure it.Demetrius is a worthy gentleman.#LBSFORGOLDThanks, good Egeus. What’s new with you?I’m here, full of anger, to complain about my daughter
                                Hermia.—Step forward, Demetrius.—My lord, this
                                man, Demetrius, has my permission to marry her.—Step
                                forward, Lysander.—But this other man, Lysander, has cast
                                a magic spell over my child’s heart.—You, you,
                                Lysander, you’ve given her poems, and exchanged tokens of
                                love with my daughter. You’ve pretended to be in love
                                with her, singing fake love songs softly at her window by moonlight,
                                and you’ve captured her imagination by giving her locks
                                of your hair, rings, toys, trinkets, knickknacks, little presents,
                                flowers, and candies—things that can really influence an
                                impressionable young person. You’ve connived to steal my
                                daughter’s heart, making her stubborn and harsh instead
                                of obedient (like she should be).—And, my gracious duke,
                                if she won’t agree to marry Demetrius right now, I ask
                                you to let me exercise the right that all fathers have in Athens.
                                Since she belongs to me, I can do what I want with her—as
                                the law says: I can either make her marry Demetrius—or
                                have her killed.What do you have to say for yourself, Hermia? Think carefully,
                                pretty girl. You should think of your father as a god, since
                                he’s the one who gave you your beauty. To him,
                                you’re like a figure that he’s sculpted out of
                                wax, and he has the power to keep that figure intact or to disfigure
                                it. Demetrius is an admirable man.