Do you amend it then. It lies in you.Why should Titania cross her Oberon?I do but beg a little changeling boy,To be my henchman.  Set your heart at rest.The Fairyland buys not the child of me.His mother was a votaress of my order,And in the spicèd Indian air by nightFull often hath she gossiped by my side,And sat with me on Neptune’s yellow sands,Marking th' embarkèd traders on the flood,When we have laughed to see the sails conceiveAnd grow big-bellied with the wanton wind;Which she, with pretty and with swimming gaitFollowing—her womb then rich with my young
                                squire—Would imitate, and sail upon the landTo fetch me trifles and return againAs from a voyage, rich with merchandise.But she, being mortal, of that boy did die.And for her sake do I rear up her boy,And for her sake I will not part with him.How long within this wood intend you stay?Perchance till after Theseus' wedding day.If you will patiently dance in our roundAnd see our moonlight revels, go with us.If not, shun me, and I will spare your haunts.Give me that boy and I will go with thee.Not for thy fairy kingdom.—Fairies, away!We shall chide downright, if I longer stay.#LBSFORGOLDDo something about it, then. You have the power to fix it. Why
                                would Titania want to argue with her Oberon? All I’m
                                asking for is to have that little human boy as part of my
                            crew.Get over it. I won’t give up this child for all of
                                Fairyland. His mother was one of my worshippers, and we always used
                                to gossip together at night in India, sitting together by the ocean
                                and watching the merchant ships sailing on the ocean. We used to
                                laugh to see the sails fill up with wind so that they looked like
                                they had big, pregnant bellies, as if the wind had gotten them
                                pregnant. She would imitate them—since she was already
                                pregnant with the little boy—and she would go sailing
                                over the land herself to go get me little presents, and come back
                                carrying gifts like she was a ship coming back from a voyage. But
                                since she was a mortal, she died giving birth to that boy, and for
                                her sake I’m raising him and will not give him up.How long do you plan to stay here in this forest?Maybe until after Theseus’s wedding day. If you behave
                                yourself and join us in our circle dance and moonlight celebrations,
                                then you can come with us. If not, leave me alone, and
                                I’ll stay away from your turf.Give me that boy and I’ll come with you.Not for your entire fairy kingdom.—Come, fairies,
                                let’s go. We’re going to have an out-and-out
                                brawl if I stay any longer.