  Having once this juice,I’ll watch Titania when she is asleepAnd drop the liquor of it in her eyes.The next thing then she waking looks upon—Be it on lion, bear, or wolf, or bull,On meddling monkey or on busy ape—She shall pursue it with the soul of love.And ere I take this charm from of her sight—As I can take it with another herb—I’ll make her render up her page to me.But who comes here? I am invisible.And I will overhear their conference.I love thee not, therefore pursue me not.Where is Lysander and fair Hermia?The one I’ll stay, the other stayeth me.Thou told’st me they were stol'n unto this
                                wood.And here am I, and wood within this wood,Because I cannot meet my Hermia.Hence, get thee gone, and follow me no more.You draw me, you hard-hearted adamant.But yet you draw not iron, for my heartIs true as steel. Leave you your power to draw,And I shall have no power to follow you.Do I entice you? Do I speak you fair?Or rather, do I not in plainest truthTell you I do not, nor I cannot, love you?#LBSFORGOLDWhen I have the juice of that flower, I’ll trickle some
                                drops of it on Titania’s eyes while she’s
                                sleeping. She’ll fall madly in love with the first thing
                                she sees when she wakes up—even if it’s a
                                lion, a bear, a wolf, a bull, a monkey, or an ape. And before I make
                                her normal again—I can cure her by treating her with
                                another plant—I’ll make her give me that
                                little boy as my page. But who’s that coming this way?
                                I’ll make myself invisible and listen to their
                                conversation.Look, I don’t love you, so stop following me around.
                                Where are Lysander and beautiful Hermia? Lysander I want to stop,
                                but Hermia stops my heart from beating. You told me they escaped
                                into this forest. And here I am, going crazy in the middle of the
                                woods because I can’t find my Hermia. Go away, get out of
                                here, and stop following me.You attract me to you, you cruel magnet! But you must not attract
                                iron, because my heart is as true as steel. If you let go of your
                                power to attract me, I won’t have any power to follow
                                you.Do I ask you to follow me? Do I speak to you kindly?
                                Don’t I tell you in the clearest terms that I do not and
                                cannot love you?