And even for that do I love you the more.I am your spaniel. And, Demetrius,The more you beat me, I will fawn on you.Use me but as your spaniel—spurn me, strike me,Neglect me, lose me. Only give me leave,Unworthy as I am, to follow you.What worser place can I beg in your love—And yet a place of high respect with me—Than to be usèd as you use your dog?Tempt not too much the hatred of my spirit.For I am sick when I do look on thee.And I am sick when I look not on you.You do impeach your modesty too much,To leave the city and commit yourselfInto the hands of one that loves you not,To trust the opportunity of nightAnd the ill counsel of a desert placeWith the rich worth of your virginity.Your virtue is my privilege. For thatIt is not night when I do see your face.Therefore I think I am not in the night.Nor doth this wood lack worlds of company,For you in my respect are all the world.Then how can it be said I am aloneWhen all the world is here to look on me?I’ll run from thee and hide me in the brakes,And leave thee to the mercy of wild beasts.The wildest hath not such a heart as you.Run when you will, the story shall be changed.#LBSFORGOLDYes, but that makes me love you even more. I’m your
                                little dog, Demetrius. The more you beat me, the more
                                I’ll love you. Treat me like you would treat a
                                dog—kick me, hit me, neglect me, try to lose me. Just let
                                me follow behind you, even though I’m not good enough for
                                you. Could I ask for a worse place in your heart than to be treated
                                as you would treat a dog? And yet I would consider it an honor to be
                                your dog.Don’t push it. Just looking at you makes me
                            sick.And I get sick when I can’t look at you.You’re risking your reputation by leaving the city and
                                stalking someone who doesn’t love you. Standing around
                                alone in a deserted area in the middle of the night isn’t
                                the best way to protect your virginity.I rely on your virtue to protect me. And because I can see your
                                shining face, it doesn’t feel like nighttime to me. This
                                forest doesn’t seem deserted when you’re here,
                                because you are all the world to me. So how can anyone say
                                I’m alone, when the whole world is here to look at
                            me?I’ll run away from you and hide in the bushes, and
                                leave you to the mercy of wild animals.The wildest animal isn’t as cruel as you are. Run
                                whenever you want to. The story of Daphne and Apollo will be
                                changed: 