Apollo flies and Daphne holds the chase.The dove pursues the griffin. The mild hindMakes speed to catch the tiger—bootless speed,When cowardice pursues and valor flies.I will not stay thy questions. Let me go.Or if thou follow me, do not believeBut I shall do thee mischief in the wood.Ay, in the temple, in the town, the fieldYou do me mischief. Fie, Demetrius!Your wrongs do set a scandal on my sex.We cannot fight for love as men may do.We should be wooed and were not made to woo.I’ll follow thee and make a heaven of hell,To die upon the hand I love so well.Fare thee well, nymph. Ere he do leave this grove,Thou shalt fly him and he shall seek thy love.Hast thou the flower there? Welcome, wanderer.Ay, there it is.  I pray thee, give it me.
(takes flower from
                                ROBIN)
I know a bank where the wild thyme blows,Where oxlips and the nodding violet grows,Quite overcanopied with luscious woodbine,With sweet musk roses and with eglantine.#LBSFORGOLDthe lustful god Apollo runs away from the virginal nymph
                            Daphne who pursues him, the dove chases after the
                                griffin, which is usually its predator, and the gentle deer tries to
                                hunt down the tiger—speed is useless when the cowardly
                                person chases and the brave person runs away.
I’m not sticking around to listen to you any longer.
                                Leave me alone. Or if you follow me, you’d better
                                understand that I’ll do something bad to you in the
                                forest.Yes, you already hurt me in the church, in the town, and in the
                                fields. Shame on you, Demetrius! Your behavior is an insult to all
                                women. We cannot fight for love as men can. We should be pursued and
                                courted. We weren’t made to do the pursuing.I’ll follow you and turn this hell I’m in
                                into a kind of heaven. It would be heavenly to be killed by someone
                                I love so much.Goodbye, nymph. Before he leaves this part of the forest,
                                you’ll change places: you’ll be the one
                                running away, and he’ll be in love with you.Do you have the flower? Welcome, traveler.Yes, here it is.Please, give it to me.
                                (he takes the flower
                                    from
                                ROBIN) I know a place where wild
                                thyme blooms, and oxlips and violets grow. It’s covered
                                over with luscious honeysuckle, sweet muskroses and sweetbrier.