There sleeps Titania sometime of the night,Lulled in these flowers with dances and delight.And there the snake throws her enameled skin,Weed wide enough to wrap a fairy in.And with the juice of this I’ll streak her eyesAnd make her full of hateful fantasies.
(gives ROBIN
                                some of the flower)
Take thou some of it and seek through this grove:A sweet Athenian lady is in loveWith a disdainful youth. Anoint his eyes.But do it when the next thing he espiesMay be the lady. Thou shalt know the manBy the Athenian garments he hath on.Effect it with some care, that he may proveMore fond on her than she upon her love.And look thou meet me ere the first cock crow.Fear not, my lord. Your servant shall do so.#LBSFORGOLDTitania sleeps there
                                sometimes at night, lulled to sleep among the flowers by dances and
                                other delights. Snakes shed their skin there, and the shed skin is
                                wide enough to wrap a fairy in. I’ll put the juice of
                                this flower on Titania’s eyes, and fill her with horrible
                                delusions and desires. (he gives
                                ROBIN part of the flower) You take
                                some of it too, and look around in this part of the forest. A sweet
                                Athenian lady is in love with a young man who wants nothing to do
                                with her. Put some of this flower’s juice on his eyes,
                                and make sure to do it in such a way that the next thing he sees
                                will be the lady. You’ll be able to tell it’s
                                him because he’s wearing Athenian clothes. Do it
                                carefully, so that he’ll end up loving her more than she
                                loves him. And then make sure to meet me before the
                                rooster’s first crow at dawn.
Don’t worry, sir. I’m at your
                            service.