Come now, a roundel and a fairy song.Then for the third part of a minute, hence—Some to kill cankers in the musk-rose buds,Some war with reremice for their leathern wingsTo make my small elves coats, and some keep backThe clamorous owl that nightly hoots and wondersAt our quaint spirits. Sing me now asleep.Then to your offices and let me rest.
(sings)
 You spotted snakes with double
                                    tongue, Thorny hedgehogs, be not
                                seen. Newts and blindworms, do no
                                    wrong. Come not near our fairy
                                queen.

(sing)
 Philomel, with melody
 Sing in our sweet
                                lullaby. Lulla, lulla, lullaby, lulla,
                                    lulla, lullaby. Never harm
 Nor spell nor charm
 Come our lovely lady
                                nigh. So good night, with
                                lullaby.

(sings)
 Weaving spiders, come not
                                here. Hence, you long-legged
                                    spinners, hence!
#LBSFORGOLDCome, dance in a circle and sing a fairy song, and then go off for
                                a while to do your work. Some of you will kill the worms infesting
                                the rosebuds, some of you will fight with bats to get their leathery
                                wings, so we can make coats for my small elves. Some of you will
                                keep that loud owl away, the one that hoots and wonders every night
                                at us dainty fairies. Sing me to sleep now, and then go off to do
                                your duties and let me rest.
(singing)
 Snakes with forked
                                tongues, And porcupines,
                                    don’t be seen. Deadly lizards,
                                    don’t be mean. Don’t come near our
                                    fairy queen.
(singing)
 Nightingale,
                                melodiously
 Sing our sweet lullaby. Lulla, lulla, lullaby, lulla,
                                    lulla, lullaby. Let no harm
 Or spell or charm
 Come near our lovely
                                lady. Say good night with a
                                lullaby.
(singing)
 Spiders with your webs, stay
                                    away. You long-legged things,
                                begone!
