 Beetles black, approach not
                                    near. Worm nor snail, do no
                                offense.

(sing)
 Philomel, with melody
 Sing in our sweet
                                lullaby. Lulla, lulla, lullaby, lulla,
                                    lulla, lullaby. Never harm
 Nor spell nor charm
 Come our lovely lady
                                nigh. So good night, with
                                lullaby.
Hence, away! Now all is well.One aloof stand sentinel.
(squeezing flower juice on TITANIA
                                ’s eyelids)
What thou seest when thou dost wake,Do it for thy true love take.Love and languish for his sake.Be it ounce or cat or bear,Pard or boar with bristled hair,In thy eye that shall appear,When thou wakest, it is thy dear.Wake when some vile thing is near.Fair love, you faint with wandering in the wood.And to speak troth, I have forgot our way.#LBSFORGOLD Black beetles, don’t
                                    come near. Worms and snails,
                                    don’t be bad.
(singing)
 Nightingale,
                                melodiously
 Sing our sweet lullaby. Lulla, lulla, lullaby, lulla,
                                    lulla, lullaby. Let no harm
 Or spell or charm
 Come near our lovely
                                lady. Say good night with a
                                lullaby.Okay, let’s go! Everything’s fine now. One
                                of us will stay and stand guard.
(he squeezes flower juice on
                                TITANIA ’s eyelids)
Whatever you see first when you wake up, think of it as your true
                                love. Love him and yearn for him, even if he’s a lynx, a
                                cat, a bear, a leopard, or a wild boar. Whatever’s there
                                when you wake up will be dear to you. Wake up when something nasty
                                is nearby.My love, you look like you’re about to faint from
                                wandering in the woods for so long, and to tell you the truth,
                                I’ve gotten us lost.