We’ll rest us, Hermia, if you think it good.And tarry for the comfort of the day.Be it so, Lysander. Find you out a bed,For I upon this bank will rest my head.One turf shall serve as pillow for us both.One heart, one bed, two bosoms, and one troth.Nay, good Lysander. For my sake, my dear,Lie further off yet. Do not lie so near.O, take the sense, sweet, of my innocence.Love takes the meaning in love’s conference.I mean that my heart unto yours is knitSo that but one heart we can make of it.Two bosoms interchainèd with an oath—So then two bosoms and a single troth.Then by your side no bed room me deny.For, lying so, Hermia, I do not lie.Lysander riddles very prettily.Now much beshrew my manners and my prideIf Hermia meant to say Lysander lied.But, gentle friend, for love and courtesyLie further off in human modesty.Such separation as may well be saidBecomes a virtuous bachelor and a maid.So far be distant. And, good night, sweet friend.Thy love ne'er alter till thy sweet life end!Amen, amen to that fair prayer, say I.And then end life when I end loyalty!Here is my bed. Sleep give thee all his rest!#LBSFORGOLDWe’ll take a rest, if you
                            think it’s a good idea, and wait until daylight when things
                                will be easier.
Let’s do that, Lysander. Find something to cushion you
                                while you sleep. I’m going to rest my head on this little
                                slope.We can both sleep together on the grass. We’ll have one
                                heart, one bed, two bodies, and one faithful vow.No, Lysander. Please, for my sake, sleep a little farther away.
                                Don’t sleep so close to me.Oh, sweetheart, I didn’t mean anything naughty when I
                                said that. When lovers talk to each other, their hearts should
                                understand each other. I just meant that our hearts are joined, so
                                we can almost think of them as one heart. Our two bodies are linked
                                together by the promises we’ve made to each other, so
                                there are two bodies and one faithful vow. So let me sleep next to
                                you. If I lie next to you, I
                                won’t lie to
                                you—I’ll be faithful and respect you.Lysander’s got a way with words. I would certainly be
                                rude and shameful if I had implied that you were a liar. But please,
                                darling, sleep a little farther away so we can behave properly.
                                It’s only proper for a well-behaved bachelor and a
                                well-behaved girl to be physically separated like this. Stay away
                                for now, and good night, my sweet friend. I hope your love for me
                                remains this strong for your entire life!Amen to that. I hope my life ends before my loyalty to you does.
                                I’ll sleep over here. Sleep well!