With half that wish the wisher’s eyes be
                            pressed! Through the forest have I gone. But Athenian found I none, On whose eyes I might approve This flower’s force in stirring love.
(sees LYSANDER
                                and
                                HERMIA)
 Night and silence! Who is here? Weeds of Athens he doth wear. This is he, my master said, Despisèd the Athenian maid. And here the maiden, sleeping sound On the dank and dirty ground. Pretty soul! She durst not lie Near this lack-love, this kill-courtesy.
(squeezes flower juice on
                                LYSANDER’s eyelids)
 Churl, upon thy eyes I throw All the power this charm doth owe. When thou wakest, let love forbid Sleep his seat on thy eyelid. So awake when I am gone, For I must now to Oberon.Stay, though thou kill me, sweet Demetrius.I charge thee, hence, and do not haunt me thus.O, wilt thou darkling leave me? Do not so.#LBSFORGOLDYou sleep well too.I’ve been through the entire forest, but I
                                haven’t found any Athenian man to use the flower on.
                                (he sees LYSANDER
                                and
                                HERMIA) Wait a second,
                                who’s this? He’s wearing Athenian clothes.
                                This must be the guy who rejected the Athenian girl. And
                                here’s the girl, sleeping soundly on the damp and dirty
                                ground. Pretty girl! She shouldn’t lie near this rude and
                                heartless man.
                                (he puts
                                    flower juice on
                                LYSANDER ’s eyelids) Jerk,
                                I throw all the power of this magic charm on your eyes. When you
                                wake up, let love keep you from going back to sleep. Wake up when
                                I’m gone, because now I have to go to Oberon.Stop, Demetrius! Stop, even if only to kill me.I’m telling you, get out of here, and don’t
                                follow me around like this.Oh, will you leave me alone in the dark? Don’t.