So is Lysander.  In himself he is.But in this kind, wanting your father’s voice,The other must be held the worthier.I would my father looked but with my eyes.Rather your eyes must with his judgment look.I do entreat your grace to pardon me.I know not by what power I am made boldNor how it may concern my modestyIn such a presence here to plead my thoughts,But I beseech your grace that I may knowThe worst that may befall me in this case,If I refuse to wed Demetrius.Either to die the death or to abjureForever the society of men.Therefore, fair Hermia, question your desires.Know of your youth. Examine well your blood—Whether, if you yield not to your father’s choice,You can endure the livery of a nun,For aye to be in shady cloister mewed,To live a barren sister all your life,Chanting faint hymns to the cold, fruitless moon.Thrice-blessèd they that master so their bloodTo undergo such maiden pilgrimage.But earthlier happy is the rose distilledThan that which, withering on the virgin thorn,Grows, lives, and dies in single blessedness.#LBSFORGOLDSo is Lysander.You’re right, Lysander’s admirable too. But
                                since your father doesn’t want him to marry you, you have
                                to consider Demetrius to be the better man.I wish my father could see them with my eyes.No, you must see them as your father sees them.Your grace, please forgive me. I don’t know what makes
                                me think I can say this, and I don’t know if speaking my
                                mind to such a powerful and noble person as yourself will damage my
                                reputation for modesty. But please, tell me the worst thing that
                                could happen to me if I refuse to marry Demetrius.You’ll either be executed or you’ll never
                                see another man again. So think carefully about what you want,
                                beautiful Hermia. Consider how young you are, and question your
                                feelings. Then decide whether you could stand to be a nun, wearing a
                                priestess’s habit and caged up in a cloister forever,
                                living your entire life without a husband or children, weakly
                                chanting hymns to the cold and virginal goddess of the moon. People
                                who can restrain their passions and stay virgins forever are holy.
                                But although a virgin priestess might be rewarded in heaven, a
                                married woman is happier on Earth. A married woman is like a rose
                                who is picked and made into a beautiful perfume, while a priestess
                                just withers away on the stem.