Stay, on thy peril. I alone will go.Oh, I am out of breath in this fond chase.The more my prayer, the lesser is my grace.Happy is Hermia, wheresoe'er she lies,For she hath blessèd and attractive eyes.How came her eyes so bright? Not with salt tears.If so, my eyes are oftener washed than hers.No, no, I am as ugly as a bear,For beasts that meet me run away for fear.Therefore no marvel though DemetriusDo, as a monster, fly my presence thus.What wicked and dissembling glass of mineMade me compare with Hermia’s sphery eyne?
(sees
                                LYSANDER)But who is here? Lysander,
                                on the ground?Dead or asleep? I see no blood, no wound.—Lysander, if you live, good sir, awake.
(waking) And run through fire I
                                will for thy sweet sake.Transparent Helena! Nature shows artThat through thy bosom makes me see thy heart.Where is Demetrius? Oh, how fit a wordIs that vile name to perish on my sword!Do not say so, Lysander. Say not so.What though he love your Hermia? Lord, what though?Yet Hermia still loves you. Then be content.Content with Hermia? No. I do repentThe tedious minutes I with her have spent.Not Hermia but Helena I love.Who will not change a raven for a dove?The will of man is by his reason swayed,And reason says you are the worthier maid.#LBSFORGOLDStay here at your own risk. I’m going on alone.Oh, I’m out of breath from this foolish chase. The more
                                I pray, the less I get out of it. Hermia is lucky, wherever she is,
                                because she has beautiful eyes. How did her eyes get so bright? Not
                                from crying. If that’s the case, tears wash my eyes more
                                than hers. No, no, I’m as ugly as a bear, since animals
                                that see me run away in terror. So it’s no surprise that
                                Demetrius runs away from me as if I were a monster. What evil and
                                deceitful mirror made me think I could rival Hermia’s
                                starry eyes? (she sees
                                LYSANDER) But who’s this
                                here? Lysander, on the ground? Is he dead or sleeping? I
                                don’t see any blood or injuries—Lysander, if
                                you’re alive, wake up.
(waking up) I’d even run
                                through fire if you told me to. Radiant, beautiful Helena! I feel
                                like Mother Nature has allowed me to see into your heart, as if by
                                magic. Where is Demetrius? Oh, I’d kill that name with my
                                sword if I could!Don’t say that, Lysander. Don’t say that.
                                Why do you care that he loves Hermia? What does it matter? Hermia
                                still loves you, so be happy.Happy with Hermia? No. I regret all the boring time I wasted with
                                her. I don’t love Hermia; I love Helena. Who
                                wouldn’t love a dove more than a crow? A man’s
                                desires are influenced by his logical mind, and it’s
                                simply logical that you’re more worthy of love than
                                Hermia is.