Things growing are not ripe until their season.So I, being young, till now ripe not to reason.And touching now the point of human skill,Reason becomes the marshal to my willAnd leads me to your eyes, where I o'erlookLove’s stories written in love’s richest
                                book.Wherefore was I to this keen mockery born?When at your hands did I deserve this scorn?Is ’t not enough, is ’t not enough, young
                                man,That I did never, no, nor never can,Deserve a sweet look from Demetrius' eye,But you must flout my insufficiency?Good troth, you do me wrong, good sooth, you do,In such disdainful manner me to woo.But fare you well. Perforce I must confessI thought you lord of more true gentleness.Oh, that a lady of one man refusedShould of another therefore be abused!She sees not Hermia.—Hermia, sleep thou there.And never mayst thou come Lysander near!For as a surfeit of the sweetest thingsThe deepest loathing to the stomach brings,Or as the heresies that men do leaveAre hated most of those they did deceive,So thou, my surfeit and my heresy,Of all be hated, but the most of me.—And all my powers, address your love and mightTo honor Helen and to be her knight.#LBSFORGOLDFruits and vegetables don’t ripen until the
                                right season of the year. Likewise, I’m young, and my
                                sense of reason has just ripened. I can finally see the light. My
                                logic has more control over my desires than it used to, and
                                it’s telling me to look into your eyes, where I see every
                                love story ever told.
Why does everyone always make fun of me? What have I done to
                                deserve this kind of treatment from you? Is it not enough, is it not
                                enough, young man, that I’ll never be pretty enough to
                                get a kind look from Demetrius? Do you have to harp on my
                                inadequacy? My God, it’s wrong for you to woo me in such
                                a cruel, disdainful way. But goodbye. I have to tell you, I thought
                                you were a much kinder person than this. Oh, how awful that a lady
                                who’s been rejected by one man should therefore be
                                treated horribly by another one!She doesn’t see Hermia—Hermia, keep
                                sleeping, and don’t come near me ever again! Eating too
                                many sweets makes people sick to their stomachs, and people always
                                hate the mistakes they made in the past worse than anyone else hates
                                those mistakes. Hermia, you’re the sweet I’ve
                                had too much of, and the mistake I used to make, so I hate you more
                                than anyone else does.—I’ll use all my talents
                                and efforts to serve Helen and bring her honor.