Are we all met?Pat, pat. And here’s a marvelous convenient place for
                                our rehearsal. This green plot shall be our stage, this
                                hawthorn-brake our tiring-house, and we will do it in action as we
                                will do it before the duke.Peter Quince—What sayest thou, bully Bottom?There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisbe that will
                                never please. First, Pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself,
                                which the ladies cannot abide. How answer you that?By 'r lakin, a parlous fear.I believe we must leave the killing out, when all is done.Not a whit. I have a device to make all well. Write me a prologue,
                                and let the prologue seem to say we will do no harm with our swords,
                                and that Pyramus is not killed indeed. And for the more better
                                assurance, tell them that I, Pyramus, am not Pyramus, but Bottom the
                                weaver. This will put them out of fear.#LBSFORGOLDAre we all here?Right on time. This is the perfect place to rehearse. This
                                clearing will be the stage, and this hawthorn bush will be our
                                dressing room. Let’s put on our play exactly as
                                we’ll perform it for the duke.Peter Quince—What is it, jolly Bottom?There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisbe that will
                                never work. First of all, Pyramus has to take out a sword to kill
                                himself, which the ladies in the audience won’t be able
                                to stand. What should we do about that?By God, that’s a real problem, it’s
                            true.I think we’ll have to leave out all the killing, come
                                to think of it.Not at all! I’ve got a plan that will fix everything.
                                Write me a prologue that I can recite to the audience before the
                                play starts. I’ll tell them that we won’t hurt
                                anyone with our swords, and that Pyramus isn’t really
                                dead. And to make it even clearer, we can tell them that
                                I’m playing Pyramus but I’m not really
                                Pyramus—really, I’m Bottom the weaver.
                                That’ll keep them from being afraid.