Well. We will have such a prologue, and it shall be written in
                                eight and six.No, make it two more. Let it be written in eight and eight.Will not the ladies be afeard of the lion?I fear it, I promise you.Masters, you ought to consider with yourselves. To bring
                                in—God shield us!—a lion among ladies is a
                                most dreadful thing. For there is not a more fearful wildfowl than
                                your lion living. And we ought to look to ’t.Therefore another prologue must tell he is not a lion.Nay, you must name his name, and half his face must be seen
                                through the lion’s neck. And he himself must speak
                                through, saying thus—or to the same
                                defect—“Ladies,” or
                                “Fair ladies,” “I would wish
                                you” or “I would request you” or
                                “I would entreat you” “not to fear,
                                not to tremble, my life for yours. If you think I come hither as a
                                lion, it were pity of my life. No, I am no such thing. I am a man as
                                other men are.” And there indeed let him name his name,
                                and tell them plainly he is Snug the joiner.Well, it shall be so. But there is two hard things: that is, to
                                bring the moonlight into a chamber. For, you know, Pyramus and
                                Thisbe meet by moonlight.#LBSFORGOLDAll right, we’ll have a prologue then. We’ll
                                write it in alternating eight- and six-syllable lines, just like in
                                a ballad.No, add a couple more syllables. Make it eight and eight.Won’t the ladies be scared of the lion?I’m really worried about that.Sirs, you ought to think to yourself, bringing in—God
                                forbid!—a lion amongst ladies is really terrible.
                                There’s no scarier wild bird than the living lion, and we
                                should remember that.So we need another prologue to tell everyone he’s not a
                                real lion.No, we can just announce the actor’s name, and let his
                                face show through the lion costume, and have him say something
                                himself. He should say the following, or something else to the same defectBottom means to say “something to the same effect.”defect—“Ladies,” or
                                “Lovely ladies,” “I would like to
                                ask you” or “I would like to request of
                                you” or “I would like to beg you”
                                “not to be afraid, and not to tremble with fear. I value
                                your lives as highly as my own. If you thought I was a real lion, I
                                would be risking my life. But no, I am not at all a lion. I am a
                                man, just like other men.” And then he should say his
                                name, and tell them plainly that he’s Snug the
                            carpenter.All right, that’s what we’ll do then. But
                                there are two things we still have to figure out. How are we going
                                to bring moonlight into a room? Because, you know, Pyramus and
                                Thisbe meet by moonlight.