Doth the moon shine that night we play our play?A calendar, a calendar! Look in the almanac. Find out moonshine,
                                find out moonshine!
(takes out a book) Yes, it doth
                                shine that night.Why then, may you leave a casement of the great chamber window
                                where we play open, and the moon may shine in at the
                            casement.Ay. Or else one must come in with a bush of thorns and a lantern,
                                and say he comes to disfigure, or to present, the person of
                                Moonshine. Then, there is another thing: we must have a wall in the
                                great chamber. For Pyramus and Thisbe, says the story, did talk
                                through the chink of a wall.You can never bring in a wall. What say you, Bottom?Some man or other must present Wall. And let him have some
                                plaster, or some loam, or some roughcast about him to signify wall.
                                And let him hold his fingers thus, and through that cranny shall
                                Pyramus and Thisbe whisper.If that may be then all is well. Come, sit down, every
                                mother’s son, and rehearse your
                                parts.—Pyramus, you begin. When you have spoken your
                                speech, enter into that brake.—And so everyone according
                                to his cue.#LBSFORGOLDWill the moon be shining on the night we’re performing
                                our play?We need a calendar! Look in the almanac. Look up moonshine, look
                                up moonshine!
(he takes out a book) Yes, the moon
                                will shine that night.Well then, you can leave one of the windows open in the big hall
                                where we’ll be performing, and the moon can shine in
                                through the window.Yes, or else someone will have to come in carrying a bundle of
                                sticks and a lantern and say he’s come to disfigure,Bottom means “figure” (symbolize), not disfigure.disfigure, or represent, the character of Moonshine, because the man in
                                the moon is supposed to carry sticks and a lantern. But
                                there’s still another problem: we need to have a wall in
                                the big hall, because according to the story, Pyramus and Thisbe
                                talked through a little hole in a wall.You’ll never be able to bring in a wall. What do you
                                think, Bottom?Someone should play the part of Wall. He can have some plaster or
                                clay or limestone or something on him to show the audience
                                he’s a wall. He can hold his fingers in a V-shape like
                                this, and Pyramus and Thisbe can whisper to each other through that
                                little crack.If we can do that, everything will be all right. Now sit down,
                                everybody, and rehearse your parts—Pyramus, you start.
                                When you have said your lines, go hide in that
                                bush.—Everyone else, go there too when you’re
                                not onstage.