
(aside) What hempen homespuns have
                                we swaggering here,So near the cradle of the fairy queen?What, a play toward? I’ll be an auditor.An actor too, perhaps, if I see cause.Speak, Pyramus.—Thisbe, stand forth.
(as
                                PYRAMUS) Thisbe, the flowers of
                                odious savors sweet—“Odors,”
                            “odors.”
(as
                                PYRAMUS)
    —odors
                                savors sweet,So hath thy breath, my dearest Thisbe dear.And by and by I will to thee appear.But hark, a voice!  Stay thou but here awhile,
(aside) A stranger Pyramus than
                                e'er played here.Must I speak now?Ay, marry, must you. For you must understand he goes but to see a
                                noise that he heard, and is to come again.
(as THISBE
                                ) Most radiant Pyramus, most
                                lily-white of hue,Of color like the red rose on triumphant brier,Most brisky juvenal and eke most lovely Jew,As true as truest horse that yet would never tire.I’ll meet thee, Pyramus, at Ninny’s
                            tomb.#LBSFORGOLD
(to himself) Who are these country
                                bumpkins swaggering around so close to where the fairy queen is
                                sleeping? What? Are they about to put on a play? I’ll
                                watch. And I’ll act in it, too, if I feel like it.Speak, Pyramus.—Thisbe, come forward.
(as
                                PYRAMUS) Thisbe, flowers with sweet
                                odious smells—“Odors,”
                            “odors.”
(as
                                PYRAMUS) —odors and smells
                                are like your breath, my dearest Thisbe dear. But what’s
                                that, a voice! Wait here a while. I’ll be right
                            back!
(to himself) That’s the
                                strangest Pyramus I’ve ever seen.Am I supposed to talk now?Yes, you are. You’re supposed to show that you
                                understand that Pyramus just went to check on a noise he heard and
                                is coming right back.
(as
                                THISBE) Most radiant Pyramus, you are
                                as white as a lily, and the color of a red rose on a splendid
                                rosebush, a very lively young man and also a lovely Jew. You are as
                                reliable as a horse that never gets tired. I’ll meet you,
                                Pyramus, at Ninny’s grave.