“Ninus' tomb,” man. Why, you must
                                not speak that yet. That you answer to Pyramus. You speak all your
                                part at once, cues and all.—Pyramus, enter. Your cue is
                                past. It is “never tire.”Oh. (as thisbe) As true as truest horse that yet would never
                            tire.
(as
                                PYRAMUS) If I were fair, Thisbe, I
                                were only thine.Oh, monstrous! Oh, strange! We are haunted. Pray, masters! Fly,
                                masters! Help!I’ll follow you. I’ll lead you about a roundThrough bog, through bush, through brake, through brier.Sometime a horse I’ll be, sometime a hound,A hog, a headless bear, sometime a fire.And neigh, and bark, and grunt, and roar, and burn,Like horse, hound, hog, bear, fire, at every turn.Why do they run away? This is a knavery of them to make me
                            afeard.#LBSFORGOLDThat’s “Ninus’s
                                grave,” man. And don’t say all of that yet.
                                You’re supposed to say some of it as a reply to Pyramus.
                                You just said all your lines at once, cues and
                                all.—Pyramus, enter. You missed your cue. It’s
                                “never get tired.”Oh! (as
                                THISBE) As reliable as a horse that
                                never gets tired.
(as
                                PYRAMUS) If I were handsome, my
                                lovely Thisbe, I would still want only you.Help! It’s a monster! We’re being haunted.
                                Run, everyone, run!I’ll follow you. I’ll run you around in
                                circles, through bogs and bushes and woods and thorns. Sometimes
                                I’ll take the shape of a horse, sometimes I’ll
                                take the shape of a hound or a pig or a headless bear. Sometimes
                                I’ll turn into fire! And I’ll neigh like a
                                horse and bark like a hound and grunt like a pig and roar like a
                                bear and burn like a fire at every turn.Why are they running away? This is some joke of theirs to scare
                                me.