O Bottom, thou art changed! What do I see on thee?What do you see? You see an ass head of your own, do you?Bless thee, Bottom, bless thee. Thou art translated.I see their knavery: this is to make an ass of me, to fright me if
                                they could. But I will not stir from this place, do what they can. I
                                will walk up and down here and I will sing, that they shall hear I
                                am not afraid.
(sings)
 The ouzel cock, so black of
                                hue
 With orange-tawny bill, The throstle with his note so
                                    true, The wren with little
                                quill—
(waking) What angel wakes me from
                                my flowery bed?
(sings)
 The finch, the sparrow, and the
                                    lark, The plainsong cuckoo
                                gray, Whose note full many a man doth
                                    mark
 And dares not answer
                                    “Nay”—#LBSFORGOLDOh, Bottom, you’ve changed! What have you got on your
                                head?What do you think I’ve got on my head?
                                You’re acting like an ass, don’t you
                            think?God bless you, Bottom, God bless you. You’ve been
                                changed. Reborn.I see what they’re up to. They want to make an ass of
                                me, to scare me if they can. But I won’t leave this spot,
                                no matter what they do. I’ll walk up and down and sing a
                                song, so they’ll know I’m not afraid.
(singing)
 The blackbird with its black
                                    feathers
 And its orange-and-tan
                                beak, The thrush with its clear
                                voice, The wren with its small, piping
                                    chirp—

(waking up) What angel is this
                                who’s waking me up from my bed of flowers?
(singing)
 The finch, the sparrow, and the
                                    lark, The gray cuckoo with his simple
                                    song
 That many men hear
 But they don’t dare
                                    say no to it—
