So will I grow, so live, so die, my lord,Ere I will yield my virgin patent upUnto his lordship, whose unwishèd yokeMy soul consents not to give sovereignty.Take time to pause, and by the next new moon—The sealing day betwixt my love and meFor everlasting bond of fellowship—Upon that day either prepare to dieFor disobedience to your father’s will,Or else to wed Demetrius, as he would,Or on Diana’s altar to protestFor aye austerity and single life.Relent, sweet Hermia—And, Lysander, yieldThy crazèd title to my certain right.You have her father’s love, Demetrius.Let me have Hermia’s. Do you marry him.Scornful Lysander, true, he hath my love,And what is mine my love shall render him.And she is mine, and all my right of herI do estate unto Demetrius.
(to
                                THESEUS) I am, my lord, as well
                                derived as he,As well possessed. My love is more than his.My fortunes every way as fairly ranked,(If not with vantage) as Demetrius'.And—which is more than all these boasts can
                                be—I am beloved of beauteous Hermia.Why should not I then prosecute my right?Demetrius, I’ll avouch it to his head,Made love to Nedar’s daughter, Helena,And won her soul. And she, sweet lady, dotes,Devoutly dotes, dotes in idolatryUpon this spotted and inconstant man.#LBSFORGOLDI’d rather wither away than give up my virginity to
                                someone I don’t love.Take some time to think about this. By the time of the next new
                                moon—the day when Hippolyta and I will be
                                married—be ready either to be executed for disobeying
                                your father, to marry Demetrius as your father wishes, or to take a
                                vow to spend the rest of your life as a virgin priestess of the moon
                                goddess.Please give in, sweet Hermia.—And Lysander, stop acting
                                like she’s yours. I’ve got more of a right to
                                her than you do.Her father loves you, Demetrius. So why don’t you marry
                                him and let me have Hermia?It’s true, rude Lysander, I do love him.
                                That’s why I’m giving him my daughter.
                                She’s mine, and I’m giving her to
                            Demetrius.
(to
                                THESEUS) My lord, I’m just
                                as noble and rich as he is. I love Hermia more than he does. My
                                prospects are as good as his, if not better. And beautiful Hermia
                                loves me—which is more important than all those other
                                things I’m bragging about. Why shouldn’t I be
                                able to marry her? Demetrius—and I’ll say this
                                to his face—courted Nedar’s daughter, Helena,
                                and made her fall in love with him. That sweet lady, Helena, loves
                                devoutly. She adores this horrible and unfaithful man.