Cobweb.I shall desire you of more acquaintance, good MasterCobweb. If I cut my finger, I shall make bold with
                                you.—Your name, honest gentleman?Peaseblossom.I pray you, commend me to Mistress Squash, your mother, and to
                                Master Peascod, your father. Good Master Peaseblossom, I shall
                                desire you of more acquaintance too.— Your name, I
                                beseech you, sir?Mustardseed.Good Master Mustardseed, I know your patience well. That same
                                cowardly, giantlike ox-beef hath devoured many a gentleman of your
                                house. I promise you your kindred hath made my eyes water ere now. I
                                desire you of more acquaintance, good Master Mustardseed.Come, wait upon him. Lead him to my bower.The moon methinks looks with a watery eye.And when she weeps, weeps every little flower,Lamenting some enforcèd chastity.Tie up my love’s tongue. Bring him silently.#LBSFORGOLDCobweb.I’d like to get to know you better, Mr. Cobweb. If I
                                cut my finger, I’ll use you as a bandage to stop the
                                bleeding.—And your name, sir?Peaseblossom.Please, give my regards to your mother, Mrs. Peapod, and your
                                father, Mr. Peapod. Good Mr. Peaseblossom, I’d like to
                                get to know you better too.—And you, may I ask what your
                                name is, sir?Mustardseed.Good Mr. Mustardseed, I know you very well. Those cowardly,
                                gigantic sides of beef have been responsible for many of your family
                                members getting eaten as a condiment on beef. I swear to you, many
                                members of your mustard family have made my eyes water before. I
                                look forward to getting to know you better, Mr. Mustardseed.Take good care of him. Take him to my sleeping area. The moon
                                looks sad to me. When she cries, all the little flowers cry too.
                                They’re sad because someone is prevented from having
                                sex—or is having it against her will. Keep my lover
                                quiet. Bring him to me in silence.