He “Murder!” cries and help from Athens
                                calls.Their sense thus weak, lost with their fears thus strong,Made senseless things begin to do them wrong.For briers and thorns at their apparel snatch,Some sleeves, some hats—from yielders all things catch.I led them on in this distracted fearAnd left sweet Pyramus translated there.When in that moment so it came to pass,Titania waked and straightway loved an ass.This falls out better than I could devise.But hast thou yet latched the Athenian’s eyesWith the love juice, as I did bid thee do?I took him sleeping—that is finished too—And the Athenian woman by his side,That, when he waked, of force she must be eyed.
(aside to
                                ROBIN) Stand close. This is the same
                                Athenian.
(aside to
                                OBERON) This is the woman, but not
                                this the man.Oh, why rebuke you him that loves you so?Lay breath so bitter on your bitter foe.Now I but chide, but I should use thee worse.For thou, I fear, hast given me cause to curse.If thou hast slain Lysander in his sleep,Being o'er shoes in blood, plunge in the deep,And kill me too.#LBSFORGOLDPyramus there, transformed into someone with a donkey’s
                                head. At that exact moment, Titania woke up and immediately fell in
                                love with him, an ass.This is going even better than I planned. But have you put the
                                love juice from the flower on the eyes of that Athenian, as I asked
                                you to do?Yes, I found him when he was asleep—so
                                that’s taken care of too—and the Athenian
                                woman was sleeping near him. When he woke up, he must have seen
                            her.
(speaking so that only ROBIN
                                can hear) Step aside.
                                Here’s the Athenian coming now.
(speaking so that only OBERON
                                can hear) That’s
                                definitely the woman I saw, but it’s not the same
                            man.Why are you so rude to someone who loves you so much? Save that
                                kind of harsh language for your worst enemy.I’m only scolding you now, but I should treat you much
                                worse, because I’m afraid you’ve given me good
                                reason to curse you. If you killed Lysander while he was sleeping,
                                then you’re already up to your ankles in blood. You might
                                as well jump right into a bloodbath and kill me, too. 