The sun was not so true unto the dayAs he to me. Would he have stolen awayFrom sleeping Hermia? I’ll believe as soonThis whole Earth may be bored, and that the moonMay through the center creep and so displeaseHer brother’s noontide with th' Antipodes.It cannot be but thou hast murdered him.So should a murderer look, so dead, so grim.So should the murdered look, and so should I,Pierced through the heart with your stern cruelty.Yet you, the murderer, look as bright, as clear,As yonder Venus in her glimmering sphere.What’s this to my Lysander? Where is he?Ah, good Demetrius, wilt thou give him me?I had rather give his carcass to my hounds.Out, dog! Out, cur! Thou drivest me past the boundsOf maiden’s patience. Hast thou slain him then?Henceforth be never numbered among men!Oh, once tell true, tell true even for my sake—Durst thou have looked upon him being awake,And hast thou killed him sleeping? O brave touch!Could not a worm, an adder, do so much?An adder did it, for with doubler tongueThan thine, thou serpent, never adder stung.You spend your passion on a misprised mood.I am not guilty of Lysander’s blood.Nor is he dead, for aught that I can tell.I pray thee, tell me then that he is well.An if I could, what should I get therefore?#LBSFORGOLDHe was more
                            faithful to me than the sun is to the daytime. Would he have snuck away from me while I
                                was asleep? I’ll believe that when I believe that
                                there’s a hole through the center of the earth, and the
                                moon has passed all the way through to the other side. The only
                                possibility is that you’ve murdered him. A murderer
                                should look like you do, so pale and grim.
That’s how someone who’s been murdered
                                should look, and that’s how I look. You’ve
                                pierced me through the heart with your cruelty, and yet you, the
                                murderer, look as bright and clear as a star in the sky.What does that have to do with my Lysander? Where is he? Oh, good
                                Demetrius, will you find him for me?I would rather feed his corpse to my dogs.Get out, dog! You’ve driven me to my wit’s
                                end. Did you kill him, then? From now on I won’t even
                                consider you a human being. Oh, just tell the truth for once. tell
                                the truth, if only for my sake.—Would you have even dared
                                to look at him when he was awake? And did you kill him while he was
                                sleeping? Oh, how brave of you! A snake could do that as easily as
                                you could. A snake did do it, because no snake ever had a more
                                forked, lying tongue than you have.You’re getting all worked up over a misunderstanding. I
                                didn’t kill Lysander. ?As far as I know, he’s
                                not even dead.Then please tell me he’s all right.If I told you that, what would I get out of it?