A privilege never to see me more.And from thy hated presence part I so.See me no more, whether he be dead or no.There is no following her in this fierce vein.Here therefore for a while I will remain.So sorrow’s heaviness doth heavier growFor debt that bankrupt sleep doth sorrow owe,Which now in some slight measure it will pay,If for his tender here I make some stay.
(lies down and sleeps)

(to
                                ROBIN) What hast thou done? Thou hast
                                mistaken quite,And laid the love juice on some true love’s sight.Of thy misprision must perforce ensueSome true love turned, and not a false turned true.Then fate o'errules that, one man holding troth,A million fail, confounding oath on oath.About the wood go swifter than the wind,And Helena of Athens look thou find—All fancy-sick she is and pale of cheer,With sighs of love, that costs the fresh blood dear.By some illusion see thou bring her here.I’ll charm his eyes against she do appear.I go, I go. Look how I go,Swifter than arrow from the Tartar’s bow.#LBSFORGOLDThe privilege of never seeing me again. And now I’m
                                going to leave your despised company. You’ll never see me
                                again, whether or not he’s dead.I can’t go after her when she’s in a rage
                                like this. So I’ll stay here for a while. Sadness gets
                                worse when you haven’t had enough sleep. I’ll
                                try to sleep a little here. (
                                DEMETRIUS
                                lies down and falls
                            asleep)

(to
                                ROBIN) What have you done?
                                You’ve made a mistake and put the love-juice on someone
                                else, someone who was truly in love. Because of your mistake
                                someone’s true love must have turned bad, instead of this
                                man’s false love being turned into a true love.In that case, it must be fate. That’s the way of the
                                world. For every man who’s faithful to his true love, a
                                million end up running after a different lover.Go around the forest, moving faster than the wind, and make sure
                                you find Helena of Athens.—She’s lovesick, and
                                her face is pale from all the sighing she’s been doing,
                                because sighing is bad for the blood. Bring her here with some trick
                                or illusion, and I’ll put the charm on his eyes for when
                                she comes.I go, I go, look at me go—faster than an arrow from a Tartar’sThe Tartars were a people from Asia Minor famous for their archeryTartar’s bow.