Look, when I vow, I weep. And vows so born,In their nativity all truth appears.How can these things in me seem scorn to you,Bearing the badge of faith to prove them true?You do advance your cunning more and more.When truth kills truth, O devilish holy fray!These vows are Hermia’s. Will you give her
                                o'er?Weigh oath with oath, and you will nothing weigh.Your vows to her and me, put in two scales,Will even weigh, and both as light as tales.I had no judgment when to her I swore.Nor none, in my mind, now you give her o'er.Demetrius loves her, and he loves not you.
(waking) O Helena, goddess, nymph,
                                perfect, divine!To what, my love, shall I compare thine eyne?Crystal is muddy. Oh, how ripe in showThy lips, those kissing cherries, tempting grow!That pure congealèd white, high Taurus'
                                snow,Fanned with the eastern wind, turns to a crowWhen thou hold’st up thy hand. Oh, let me kissThis princess of pure white, this seal of bliss!O spite! O hell! I see you all are bentTo set against me for your merriment.If you were civil and knew courtesy,You would not do me thus much injury.Can you not hate me, as I know you do,But you must join in souls to mock me too?If you were men, as men you are in show,You would not use a gentle lady so#LBSFORGOLDLook, when I swear that I love you, I cry, and when
                            someone cries while he’s making a promise,
                            he’s usually telling the truth. How can it seem like I’m
                                making fun of you, when my tears prove that I’m
                            sincere?
You get trickier and trickier. You’ve made the same
                                promises to me and to Hermia—they can’t both
                                be true! They must both be false. The promises you’re
                                making to me belong to Hermia. Will you abandon her? If you weighed
                                the promises you made to me against the promises you made to her,
                                they’d come out the same—they both weigh
                                nothing. They’re lies.I wasn’t thinking clearly when I made those promises to
                                her.And I don’t believe you’re thinking clearly
                                now, as you break those promises.Demetrius loves her, and he doesn’t love you.
(waking up) Oh Helena, you goddess,
                                you divine and perfect nymph! What can I compare your eyes to?
                                Crystal isn’t as clear as they are. Oh, your lips are as
                                ripe as a pair of tempting cherries touching each other! The pure
                                white of the snow on a mountaintop seems black as a
                                crow’s wing next to the whiteness of your hands. Oh, let
                                me kiss your beautiful white hand. It’ll make me so
                                happy!Damn it! I see you’re all determined to gang up on me
                                for a few laughs. If you had any manners at all, you
                                wouldn’t treat me like this. Can’t you just
                                hate me, as I know you do? Do you have to get together to humiliate
                                me too? If you were real men, as you pretend to be, you
                                wouldn’t treat a lady this way, making vows and promises
                                and praising my beauty when I know you’re really both
                                disgusted by me. You’re competing for