To vow, and swear, and superpraise my parts,When I am sure you hate me with your hearts.You both are rivals, and love Hermia,And now both rivals to mock Helena—A trim exploit, a manly enterprise,To conjure tears up in a poor maid’s eyesWith your derision! None of noble sortWould so offend a virgin, and extortA poor soul’s patience, all to make you sport.You are unkind, Demetrius. Be not so.For you love Hermia. This you know I know.And here, with all good will, with all my heart,In Hermia’s love I yield you up my part.And yours of Helena to me bequeath,Whom I do love and will do till my death.Never did mockers waste more idle breath.Lysander, keep thy Hermia. I will none.If e'er I loved her, all that love is gone.My heart to her but as guest-wise sojourned,And now to Helen is it home returned,There to remain.Helen, it is not so.Disparage not the faith thou dost not know,Lest to thy peril thou aby it dear.Look, where thy love comes. Yonder is thy dear.Dark night, that from the eye his function takes,The ear more quick of apprehension makes.Wherein it doth impair the seeing sense,It pays the hearing double recompense.#LBSFORGOLDHermia’s love, and now you’re competing to
                                see which one of you can make fun of me the most. That’s
                                a great idea, a really manly thing to do—making a poor
                                girl cry! No respectable person would offend an innocent girl just
                                to have some fun.Don’t be cruel, Demetrius. I know you love Hermia, and
                                you know I know it. Right here, right now, I swear I’m
                                giving up all my claims on her and handing her to you. In exchange,
                                give up your claim to love Helena, since I love her and will love
                                her until I die.Nobody’s ever gone to so much trouble just to make fun
                                of someone.Lysander, keep your Hermia. I don’t want her. If I ever
                                loved her, all that love is gone now. My love for her was temporary.
                                Now I’ll love Helena forever.Helena, it’s not true.Don’t insult a deep love that you don’t
                                understand, or you’ll pay the price. Look, here comes the
                                woman you love.It’s hard to see clearly in the dark of night, but
                                it’s easier to hear well. 