Thou art not by mine eye, Lysander, found.Mine ear, I thank it, brought me to thy soundBut why unkindly didst thou leave me so?Why should he stay, whom love doth press to go?What love could press Lysander from my side?Lysander’s love, that would not let him bide,Fair Helena, who more engilds the nightThan all yon fiery oes and eyes of light.Why seek’st thou me? Could not this make thee knowThe hate I bear thee made me leave thee so?You speak not as you think. It cannot be.Lo, she is one of this confederacy!Now I perceive they have conjoined all threeTo fashion this false sport, in spite of me.—Injurious Hermia! Most ungrateful maid!Have you conspired, have you with these contrivedTo bait me with this foul derision?Is all the counsel that we two have shared,The sisters' vows, the hours that we have spentWhen we have chid the hasty-footed timeFor parting us—oh, is it all forgot?All schooldays' friendship, childhood innocence?We, Hermia, like two artificial gods,Have with our needles created both one flower,Both on one sampler, sitting on one cushion,Both warbling of one song, both in one key,As if our hands, our sides, voices, and minds,Had been incorporate. So we grew together,Like to a double cherry—seeming partedBut yet an union in partition—Two lovely berries molded on one stem;#LBSFORGOLDI couldn’t see you,
                            Lysander, but I heard your voice, and that’s how I found you. Why did
                                you leave me alone so unkindly?
Why stay when love tells you to go?But what love could make my Lysander leave me?I had to hurry to my love, beautiful Helena, who lights up the
                                night better than all those fiery stars. Why are you looking for me?
                                Didn’t you figure out that I left you because I hate
                            you?You can’t mean what you’re saying.
                                It’s impossible.So, she’s in on this too! Now I see that all three of
                                them have gotten together to play this cruel trick on me. Hurtful
                                Hermia, you ungrateful girl, have you conspired with these two to
                                provoke me with this horrible teasing? Have you forgotten all the
                                talks we’ve had together, the vows we made to be like
                                sisters to one another, all the hours we spent together, wishing
                                that we never had to say goodbye—have you forgotten? Our
                                friendship in our schooldays, our childhood innocence? We used to
                                sit together and sew one flower with our two needles, sewing it on
                                one piece of cloth, sitting on the same cushion, singing one song in
                                the same key, as if our hands, our sides, our voices and our minds
                                were stuck together. We grew together like twin
                                cherries—which seemed to be separate but were also
                                together—two lovely cherries on one stem. 