I think ’twas Soto that your Honor means.'Tis very true. Thou didst it excellent.Well, you are come to me in happy time,The rather for I have some sport in handWherein your cunning can assist me much.There is a lord will hear you play tonight;But I am doubtful of your modesties,Lest over-eyeing of his odd behavior—For yet his Honor never heard a play—You break into some merry passionAnd so offend him. For I tell you, sirs,If you should smile, he grows impatient.Fear not, my lord, we can contain ourselvesWere he the veriest antic in the world.Go, sirrah, take them to the butteryAnd give them friendly welcome every one.Let them want nothing that my house affords.Sirrah, go you to Barthol’mew, my page,And see him dressed in all suits like a lady.That done, conduct him to the drunkard’s chamberAnd call him “madam,” do him obeisance.Tell him from me, as he will win my love,He bear himself with honorable action,Such as he hath observed in noble ladiesUnto their lords, by them accomplishèd.#LBSFORGOLDI believe your Honor is thinking of a character called
                            Soto.Yes, that was it. You gave an excellent performance. Well, this is
                                very fortunate, your arriving just at this moment. I happen to be
                                planning a little entertainment and could really use your services.
                                There is a particular lord who will watch you perform tonight.
                                I’m a little worried, though—because his Honor
                                has never seen a play before—that his odd behavior may
                                strike you as funny. You might not be able to control your laughter
                                and you might offend him. I warn you, he’s sensitive. The
                                slightest smile provokes him.Don’t worry. We’ll restrain
                                ourselves—no matter how bizarrely he behaves.Go, lad, and take them to the pantry. Make them feel welcome and
                                see to it that they have everything they require.You, fellow, go fetch my page, Bartholomew, and dress him up like
                                a noble lady. When you’ve finished, bring him to the
                                drunkard’s room, address him as
                                “madam,” bow to him and treat him with
                                all-round respect and deference, as though he were the lady of the
                                house. Give him this message: if he wants to please me, he will
                                conduct himself like a member of the aristocracy, mimicking the kind
                                of behavior he’s seen noble ladies use toward their
                                husbands.