Here comes your father. Never make denial.I must and will have Katherine to my wife.Now, Signior Petruchio, how speed you with my daughter?How but well, sir? How but well?It were impossible I should speed amiss.Why, how now, daughter Katherine? In your dumps?Call you me daughter? Now, I promise youYou have showed a tender fatherly regardTo wish me wed to one half lunatic,A mad-cup ruffian and a swearing Jack,That thinks with oaths to face the matter out.Father, ’tis thus: yourself and all the worldThat talked of her have talked amiss of her.If she be curst, it is for policy,For she’s not froward, but modest as the dove.She is not hot, but temperate as the morn.For patience she will prove a second Grissel,And Roman Lucrece for her chastity.And to conclude, we have 'greed so well together,That upon Sunday is the wedding day.I’ll see thee hanged on Sunday first.Hark, Petruchio: she says she’ll see thee hanged
                            first.#LBSFORGOLDHere comes your father. Don’t even think about refusing.
                                I must and will have Katherine for my wife.Now, Signior Petruchio, how are you getting on with my
                            daughter?Beautifully, sir, beautifully! It couldn’t go any other
                                way.Now, daughter Katherine? Are you down in the dumps?You have the nerve to call me daughter? Is this a
                                father’s loving care—wanting to marry me off to
                                a total madman, a worthless, irresponsible louse who thinks if he
                                swears enough, he’ll get his way?Sir, this is the truth: you and the rest—all the
                                people who have ever talked about her—have all been
                                wrong. If she seems fierce, it’s for a reason.
                                She’s not obstinate but gentle as the dove, not high-strung
                                but peaceful as the morning. She has the patience of a GriseldaGriselda was a much put-upon wife in medieval song and story. Lucretia was the wife of a Roman senator, famous for her chastity.Griselda and
                                the modesty of Rome’s Lucrece. In short, we’ve
                                gotten along so well that Sunday is our wedding day.I’ll see you hanged on Sunday first!Listen to that Petruchio: she says she’ll see you hanged
                                first.