Is this your speeding? Nay, then, good night our part.Be patient, gentlemen. I choose her for myself.If she and I be pleased, what’s that to you?'Tis bargained ’twixt us twain, being alone,That she shall still be curst in company.I tell you, ’tis incredible to believeHow much she loves me. O, the kindest Kate!She hung about my neck, and kiss on kissShe vied so fast, protesting oath on oath,That in a twink she won me to her love.O, you are novices! 'Tis a world to see,How tame, when men and women are alone,A meacock wretch can make the curstest shrew.—Give me thy hand, Kate. I will unto VeniceTo buy apparel 'gainst the wedding day.Provide the feast, father, and bid the guests.I will be sure my Katherine shall be fine.I know not what to say, but give me your hands.God send you joy, Petruchio. 'Tis a match.Amen, say we. We will be witnesses.Father, and wife, and gentlemen, adieu.I will to Venice. Sunday comes apace.We will have rings, and things, and fine array,And kiss me, Kate. We will be married o' Sunday.Was ever match clapped up so suddenly?Faith, gentlemen, now I play a merchant’s part,And venture madly on a desperate mart.#LBSFORGOLDIs this your idea of success? So much for our plan.Relax, gentlemen. I’ve made my choice. If she and I are
                                happy, what’s it to you? When we were alone, we agreed that
                                in public she would go on being unpleasant. I tell you, though,
                                it’s incredible how much she loves me. Darling Kate! She
                                hung about my neck, smothering me with kisses, making vow after vow.
                                In this way, she won my heart lickety-split! You men are rank
                                beginners! It’s amazing how even a timid wretch can tame
                                the most dreadful shrew, if the two are left alone together. Give me
                                your hand, Kate. I’m off to Venice to buy outfits for the
                                wedding. Plan the feast, sir, and invite the guests. I want my
                                Katherine decked out in the finest clothes.I don’t know what to say. Well, give me your hands.God give you joy, Petruchio. Call it a match!Amen to that! We’ll be your witnesses.Father, wife, friends—farewell! I’m off to
                                Venice. Sunday is just around the corner. We will have rings and
                                things and fancy dress! So kiss me, Kate. We’re to be
                                married on Sunday.Was there ever a match put together so quickly?Truly, gentlemen, this is a chancy piece of business.
                                I’ve made a risky investment.