
(as
                                LUCENTIO) 'Twas a commodity
                                lay fretting by you.'Twill bring you gain or perish on the seas.The gain I seek is quiet in the match.No doubt but he hath got a quiet catch.But now, Baptista, to your younger daughter.Now is the day we long have lookèd for.I am your neighbor, and was suitor first.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) And I am one that love
                                Bianca moreThan words can witness or your thoughts can guess.Youngling, thou canst not love so dear as I.
(as
                                LUCENTIO)
Graybeard, thy love doth freeze.     But
                                thine doth fry.Skipper, stand back. 'Tis age that nourisheth.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) But youth in
                                ladies' eyes that flourisheth.Content you, gentlemen. I will compound this strife.'Tis deeds must win the prize, and he of bothThat can assure my daughter greatest dowerShall have my Bianca’s love.Say, Signior Gremio, what can you assure her?#LBSFORGOLD
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) Yes, but the item was just
                                gathering dust. This way, you’ll either make a profit by it
                                or lose it on the high seas.The only profit I seek is a peaceful match.There’s no doubt that Petruchio’s got quite a
                                catch. Now, Baptista, let’s turn to your younger daughter.
                                We’ve been waiting a long time for this day. I’m
                                your neighbor and came courting first.
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) And I am one who loves
                                Bianca more than words can express, more than you can
                            imagine.Callow youth, you don’t yet know how to love!
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) Old man, your love is
                            ice.And you’re all sizzle. Stand back, boy. Age is the thing
                                that nourishes.
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) Yes, but in the
                                ladies' eyes, it’s youth that flourishes.Enough, gentlemen. I will settle this matter. Deeds“Deeds” is a pun; it means both actions (as opposed to words) and the legal documents for property and real estate.Deeds will determine the winner here. Whichever of you can promise
                                Bianca the greatest dower shall have my daughter’s love.
                                Tell me, Signior Gremio, what can you offer her?