First, as you know, my house within the cityIs richly furnishèd with plate and gold,Basins and ewers to lave her dainty hands;My hangings all of Tyrian tapestry,In ivory coffers I have stuffed my crowns,In cypress chests my arras counterpoints,Costly apparel, tents, and canopies,Fine linen, Turkey cushions bossed with pearl,Valance of Venice gold in needlework,Pewter and brass, and all things that belongTo house or housekeeping. Then, at my farmI have a hundred milch-kine to the pail,Six score fat oxen standing in my stalls,And all things answerable to this portion.Myself am struck in years, I must confess,And if I die tomorrow this is hers,If whilst I live she will be only mine.
(as
                                LUCENTIO)
That “only” came well in.
                                (to
                                BAPTISTA) Sir, list to me:I am my father’s heir and only son.If I may have your daughter to my wife,I’ll leave her houses three or four as good,Within rich Pisa walls, as any oneOld Signior Gremio has in Padua,Besides two thousand ducats by the yearOf fruitful land, all which shall be her jointure.—What, have I pinched you, Signior Gremio?Two thousand ducats by the year of land!
(aside) My land amounts not to so
                                much in all.—That she shall have, besides an argosyThat now is lying in Marcellus' road.
(to
                                TRANIO) What, have I choked you with
                                an argosy?#LBSFORGOLDFirst of all, my house in the city, as you know, is filled with
                                expensive furniture and household articles, china and gold, basins
                                and pitchers for her to wash her dainty hands in. All my wall
                                hangings are tapestries from Tyre. My ivory strongboxes are stuffed
                                with gold, my wooden trunks filled with elegant rugs, expensive
                                clothing, hangings and bed curtains, fine linens, Turkish cushions
                                trimmed with pearls, Venetian draperies, pewter and brass, and
                                everything else a household could possibly want. Then, at my farm I
                                have a hundred milk cows, a hundred and twenty fat oxen in my
                                stables, and all the equipment necessary to maintain them.
                                I’m getting on in years, and if I died tomorrow, all this
                                will belong to Bianca—if only while I live
                                she’ll belong solely to me.
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) That
                                “solely” is very much to the point.
                                (to
                                BAPTISTA) Sir, hear me out: I am my
                                father’s only son and, as such, his
                                sole heir. If you give me your
                                daughter’s hand in marriage, she will end up with three or
                                four houses in Pisa as good as any one that Gremio has in
                                Padua—not to mention the two thousand ducats a year that
                                my land earns me. All of which I’ll leave her in my will.
                                Did I see you flinch, Signior Gremio?Two thousand ducats a year from his land!
                                (to himself) All my land together
                                isn’t worth that much!—Aha! I forgot to mention
                                the merchant ship that lies in Marseilles harbor.
                                (to
                                TRANIO) Sorry—have I
                                caught you choking on a merchant ship?