
(as
                                CAMBIO) Fiddler, forbear. You grow
                                too forward, sir.Have you so soon forgot the entertainmentHer sister Katherina welcomed you withal?
(as
                                LITIO) But, wrangling pedant, this isThe patroness of heavenly harmony.Then give me leave to have prerogative,And when in music we have spent an hour,Your lecture shall have leisure for as much.
(as
                                CAMBIO) Preposterous ass, that never
                                read so farTo know the cause why music was ordained.Was it not to refresh the mind of manAfter his studies or his usual pain?Then give me leave to read philosophyAnd, while I pause, serve in your harmony.
(as
                                LITIO) Sirrah, I will not bear these
                                braves of thine.Why, gentlemen, you do me double wrongTo strive for that which resteth in my choice.I am no breeching scholar in the schools.I’ll not be tied to hours nor 'pointed timesBut learn my lessons as I please myself.And, to cut off all strife, here sit we down.#LBSFORGOLD
(speaking as
                                CAMBIO) Restrain yourself, fiddler!
                                You’re too insistent. Have you forgotten how her sister
                                Katherine thanked you for your lessons?
(speaking as
                                LITIO) Quarrelsome teacher! This lady
                                is the queen of heavenly harmony. Therefore allow me to claim her
                                attention first, and after we have spent an hour on music you can
                                have equal time for your lecture.
(as
                                CAMBIO) Ridiculous ass!
                                You’re not even educated enough to know why music was
                                created. Wasn’t it to refresh the mind of man
                                after his studies and daily toil?
                                Therefore allow me to read philosophy with her, and then, when I am
                                finished, indulge in your harmony.
(as
                                LITIO) Sir, you go too far! I will
                                not stand for it!Gentlemen, it seems to me you’re both out of line to be
                                laying down the law about things that are really up to me. I am no
                                schoolboy, and I won’t be dictated to with hours and
                                schedules. I’ll have my lessons in the order and manner
                                I prefer. So to cut short this
                                argument, let’s figure this out.