
(as
                                CAMBIO) Are you so formal, sir? Well,
                                I must wait.
(aside) And watch withal, for, but
                                I be deceived,Our fine musician groweth amorous.
(as
                                LITIO) Madam, before you touch the
                                instrument,To learn the order of my fingeringI must begin with rudiments of art,To teach you gamut in a briefer sort,More pleasant, pithy, and effectualThan hath been taught by any of my trade.And there it is in writing, fairly drawn.Why, I am past my gamut long ago.Yet read the gamut of Hortensio.
(reads)
“Gamut I am, the ground
                                of all accord:
A re, to plead Hortensio’s
                                passion;
B mi, Bianca, take him for thy
                                lord,
C fa ut, that loves with all
                                affection;
D sol re, one clef, two notes have
                                I;
E la mi, show pity, or I
                                die.”Call you this “gamut”? Tut, I like it not.Old fashions please me best. I am not so niceTo change true rules for old inventions.#LBSFORGOLD
(as
                                CAMBIO) Well, aren’t we
                                strict! Okay, I guess I’ll have to wait.
                                (to himself) And watch, too. For
                                unless I’m very much mistaken, our fancy musician is
                                turning romantic!
(as
                                LITIO) Madam, before you take up the
                                instrument or begin to learn the fingering, I must teach you certain
                                fundamentals. To help you remember the scales, I’ve come up
                                with a little trick—more fun and effective than those
                                that any of my colleagues use. Here, I’ve written it
                            out.I think I know my scales by now!
(speaking as
                                LITIO) Well, read
                                Hortensio’s scale anyway.
(reading) “I am the
                                scale, the basis of all harmony.
A re, Im here to argue for
                                Hortensio’s love;
B mi, Bianca, take him for your
                                husband,
C fa ut, he loves you with all
                                affection;
D sol re, I have one clef but only
                                two notes;
E la mi, have pity on me, or
                                I’ll die.”You call this a scale? I don’t like it. I don’t
                                go in for these new-fangled methods. I like doing things the
                                old-fashioned way.