
(to
                                TRANIO) Signior Lucentio, this is the
                                'pointed dayThat Katherine and Petruchio should be married,And yet we hear not of our son-in-law.What will be said? What mockery will it be,To want the bridegroom when the priest attendsTo speak the ceremonial rites of marriage?What says Lucentio to this shame of ours?No shame but mine. I must, forsooth, be forcedTo give my hand, opposed against my heart,Unto a mad-brain rudesby, full of spleen,Who wooed in haste and means to wed at leisure.I told you, I, he was a frantic fool,Hiding his bitter jests in blunt behavior,And, to be noted for a merry man,He’ll woo a thousand, 'point the day of
                                marriage,Make friends, invite, and proclaim the banns,Yet never means to wed where he hath wooed.Now must the world point at poor KatherineAnd say, “Lo, there is mad Petruchio’s wife,If it would please him come and marry her!”
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Patience, good Katherine,
                                and Baptista too.Upon my life, Petruchio means but well,Whatever fortune stays him from his word:Though he be blunt, I know him passing wise;Though he be merry, yet withal he’s honest.#LBSFORGOLD
(to TRANIO
                                as
                                LUCENTIO) Signior Lucentio, this is
                                the day appointed for Katherine and Petruchio’s wedding,
                                but there’s no sign of the groom. What will people say? To
                                have the priest right here, ready to perform the marriage ceremony,
                                and be missing a bridegroom! What do you think about our
                                humiliation, Lucentio?The humiliation is all mine. You forced me to accept this man
                                against my will, this fancy con artist who was in such a hurry to
                                get engaged. He has no intention of marrying me. I knew
                                it—I told you. The whole thing was a joke. He pretends
                                to be this simple, backward guy, but it’s all a gag to
                                amuse his witty friends. He goes around proposing to
                                women—they set a date, he gets introduced around, they
                                send out the invitations and make a public announcement, but he has
                                no intention of going through with it. So now everyone will point at
                                me and say, “Look, there goes the wife of that comedian
                                Petruchio—if he could be bothered to marry the pathetic
                                thing!”
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) No, no, I assure you,
                                Katherine—and you, too, Baptista—Petruchio
                                means well, whatever circumstance prevents him from keeping his
                                word. He’s rough-edged, but he’s a good man, and
                                though he likes a joke, he’s not a liar.