Were it better I should rush in thus—But where is Kate? Where is my love?How does my father? Gentles, methinks you frown.And wherefore gaze this goodly companyAs if they saw some wondrous monument,Some comet or unusual prodigy?Why, sir, you know this is your wedding day.First were we sad, fearing you would not come,Now sadder that you come so unprovided.Fie, doff this habit, shame to your estate,An eyesore to our solemn festival.And tell us what occasion of importHath all so long detained you from your wifeAnd sent you hither so unlike yourself.Tedious it were to tell and harsh to hear.Sufficeth I am come to keep my word,Though in some part enforcèd to digress,Which, at more leisure, I will so excuseAs you shall well be satisfied withal.But where is Kate? I stay too long from her.The morning wears. 'Tis time we were at church.See not your bride in these unreverent robes.Go to my chamber, put on clothes of mine.Not I, believe me. Thus I’ll visit her.But thus, I trust, you will not marry her.#LBSFORGOLDIsn’t it better this way? But where is Kate? Where is my
                                lovely bride? (to
                                BAPTISTA) How is my father-in-law?
                                Gentlemen, you seem displeased. What’s everyone staring at?
                                You look as if you’d seen something unusual—a
                                comet or something.Why, sir, you know this is your wedding day. First we were sad
                                because we were afraid you wouldn’t come. Now
                                we’re even sadder to see that you’ve come so
                                unprepared. For heaven’s sake, take off that get-up.
                                It’s a disgrace to a man of your social position and an
                                insult to this solemn ceremony.And tell us what extraordinary occurrence made you so late for
                                your wedding and drove you to present yourself in an outfit
                                that’s so—not typical of you.It’s a long story—and tough to listen to.
                                It’s enough that I’m here according to my promise,
                                though I will have to deviate from it to some extent—for
                                reasons which, when I explain them later, you’ll understand
                                completely. But where is Kate? We’re wasting time here.
                                It’s getting late and time we were in church.Don’t greet your bride in these disgraceful clothes. Go
                                to my room and put on something of mine.Not me. I’ll see her like this.But surely you’re not planning to
                                marry her in what you’re
                                wearing!