Good sooth, even thus. Therefore, ha' done with words:To me she’s married, not unto my clothes.Could I repair what she will wear in meAs I can change these poor accoutrements,'Twere well for Kate and better for myself.But what a fool am I to chat with you,When I should bid good morrow to my brideAnd seal the title with a lovely kiss!He hath some meaning in his mad attire.We will persuade him, be it possible,To put on better ere he go to church.I’ll after him, and see the event of this.But sir, to love concerneth us to addHer father’s liking, which to bring to pass,As I before unparted to your worship,I am to get a man—whate'er he beIt skills not much, we’ll fit him to our
                                turn—And he shall be “Vincentio of Pisa”And make assurance here in PaduaOf greater sums than I have promisèd.So shall you quietly enjoy your hopeAnd marry sweet Bianca with consent.#LBSFORGOLDYes, just like this. But enough talk. It’s me
                                she’s marrying and not my clothes. Though I expect
                                she’ll wear me out more quickly than I’ll wear out
                                what I’m wearing—which will be good for her and
                                even better for me! But what a fool I am to stand here chatting when
                                I should bid good morning to my bride and seal the bargain with a
                                loving kiss.He must be wearing this crazy outfit for some reason.
                                I’ll try to persuade him to put on something more
                                appropriate before going to the church, if it’s at all
                                possible.I’ll go too and make sure that happens.But sir, you need to get her father’s consent as well as
                                her love. And to that end, as I explained to your worship,
                                I’m looking for a man—any man, it
                                doesn’t matter; we’ll suit him to our
                                purpose—who can pretend to be your father, Vincentio.
                                And he’ll guarantee the
                                dowry—for even more money than I’ve promised on
                                your behalf. This way, you’ll get your wish and marry sweet
                                Bianca with her father’s consent and with the least
                                possible hassle.