Were it not that my fellow schoolmasterDoth watch Bianca’s steps so narrowly,'Twere good, methinks, to steal our marriage,Which, once performed, let all the world say no,I’ll keep mine own despite of all the world.That by degrees we mean to look intoAnd watch our vantage in this business.We’ll overreach the graybeard, Gremio,The narrow-prying father, Minola,The quaint musician, amorous Litio,All for my master’s sake, Lucentio.Signior Gremio, came you from the church?As willingly as e'er I came from school.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) And is the bride and
                                bridegroom coming home?A bridegroom, say you? 'Tis a groom indeed,A grumbling groom, and that the girl shall find.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Curster than she? Why,
                                ’tis impossible.Why, he’s a devil, a devil, a very fiend.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Why, she’s a
                                devil, a devil, the devil’s dam.#LBSFORGOLDIf my fellow schoolmaster weren’t keeping such a close
                                watch on her, I’d think about eloping. Then it
                                wouldn’t matter what anyone said—I’d
                                keep what’s mine, whatever the rest of the world
                            said.Don’t worry, I’m looking into that too.
                                I’m on top of the situation—monitoring it very
                                closely. We’ll outwit them all—that old geezer,
                                Gremio; the suspicious father, Minola; the prim musician lover,
                                Litio—all for the sake of my master, Lucentio.Signior Gremio, are you coming from the church?As eagerly as I ever came from school.
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) And will the bride and
                                bridegroom be here soon?Bridegroom? This guy is more like the groom who cleans the
                                stable—a grumbling groom at that, as the poor girl is
                                discovering.
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) You mean he’s
                                worse than she is? That’s not possible!No, he’s a devil—a devil, I tell you! An
                                utter fiend.
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) No,
                                she’s a devil—a
                                devil, I tell you. The devil’s grandmother.