For God’s sake, a pot of small ale.Will ’t please your Lordship drink a cup of sack?Will ’t please your Honor taste of these
                            conserves?What raiment will your Honor wear today?I am Christophero Sly. Call not me “Honor”
                                nor “Lordship.” I ne'er drank sack
                                in my life. An if you give me any conserves, give me conserves of
                                beef. Ne'er ask me what raiment I’ll wear, for I
                                have no more doublets than backs, no more stockings than legs, nor
                                no more shoes than feet, nay sometime more feet than shoes, or such
                                shoes as my toes look through the over-leather.Heaven cease this idle humor in your Honor!Oh, that a mighty man of such descent,Of such possessions and so high esteem,Should be infusèd with so foul a spirit!#LBSFORGOLDFor God’s sake, would someone bring me a mug of
                            beer!Wouldn’t your Lordship prefer some imported wine?Would your Honor like to try this dried fruit?What garment would your Honor like to wear today?I’m Christopher Sly. Don’t call me
                                “your Honor” and “your
                                Lordship.” I’ve never had imported wine in my
                                life, and if you want to bring me something
                                “dried,” try beef jerky. Why ask me what
                                “garment” I’ll wear? I have no more
                                jackets than I have backs, no more leggings than I have legs, and no
                                more shoes than I have feet—in fact, sometimes I have
                                fewer shoes than feet, as
                                I’m not sure the ones where my toes stick out can be called
                                “shoes.”May Heaven put an end to this foolish fantasy of your
                                Honor’s! How terrible that a man of your influence and
                                noble family, with so much wealth and an excellent reputation,
                                should be infected with such a horrible illness!