I am content you shall entreat me stay,But yet not stay, entreat me how you can.Now, if you love me, stay.    Grumio, my
                            horse.Ay, sir, they be ready. The oats have eaten the horses.Nay, then,Do what thou canst, I will not go today,No, nor tomorrow, not till I please myself.The door is open, sir. There lies your way.You may be jogging whiles your boots are green.For me, I’ll not be gone till I please myself.'Tis like you’ll prove a jolly surly groom,That take it on you at the first so roundly.O Kate, content thee. Prithee, be not angry.I will be angry. What hast thou to do?—Father, be quiet. He shall stay my leisure.Ay, marry, sir, now it begins to work.Gentlemen, forward to the bridal dinner.I see a woman may be made a foolIf she had not a spirit to resist.They shall go forward, Kate, at thy command.—Obey the bride, you that attend on her.Go to the feast, revel and domineer,Carouse full measure to her maidenhead,Be mad and merry, or go hang yourselves.But for my bonny Kate, she must with me.Nay, look not big, nor stamp, nor stare, nor fret;I will be master of what is mine own.She is my goods, my chattels; she is my house,My household stuff, my field, my barn,My horse, my ox, my ass, my anything.And here she stands, touch her whoever dare.I’ll bring mine action on the proudest heThat stops my way in Padua.—Grumio,Draw forth thy weapon, we are beset with thieves.Rescue thy mistress if thou be a man.—Fear not, sweet wench, they shall not touch thee, Kate.I’ll buckler thee against a million.#LBSFORGOLDDelighted to hear you ask so nicely, but I won’t stay in
                                any case.Look, if you love me, stay.Grumio, get me my horse.Yes, sir, they’re ready. They’ve eaten
                                themselves sick.All right, then, do what you like. I won’t leave today.
                                Not tomorrow, either. I’ll leave when I’m good and
                                ready. The door is open, sir. Feel free to use it. Go on, wear your
                                boots out! As for me, I’ll leave when I like. If
                                you’re this high-handed to start with, I can imagine how
                                arrogant and arbitrary you’ll be as a husband.Calm down, Kate. Please don’t be angry.I will be angry. What business is it of yours?—Father,
                                be quiet. He’ll stay as long as I say.Okay, now it starts!Gentlemen, on to the bridal dinner. I see a woman may be made a
                                fool of if she doesn’t have nerve enough to stand up for
                                herself.They shall go in to the bridal
                                dinner, Kate—they’re yours to command. Obey the
                                bride, guests! Go to the banquet: revel, feast, and carouse! Drink
                                yourselves silly toasting her virginity! Be wild and
                                merry—or go to hell. But as for my bonny Kate, she must
                                come with me. No, don’t puff out your chests and stamp and
                                stare wonderingly. I will be master of what belongs to me. She is my
                                property, one of my possessions—just like my house and
                                everything in it, and my field, my barn, my horse, my ox, my
                                donkey—anything of mine you care to name. Here she is; I
                                dare you to touch her! I’ll sue anyone in Padua who tries
                                to stand in my way, no matter how powerful he
                                is.—Grumio, draw your sword! We are surrounded by
                                thieves. Rescue your mistress! Prove yourself a man! Don’t
                                be afraid, sweet girl, I won’t let them touch you.
                                I’ll protect you, Kate, against a million of them.