Fie, fie on all tired jades, on all mad masters, and all foul
                                ways! Was ever man so beaten? Was ever man so 'rayed? Was
                                ever man so weary? I am sent before to make a fire, and they are
                                coming after to warm them. Now, were not I a little pot and soon
                                hot, my very lips might freeze to my teeth, my tongue to the roof of
                                my mouth, my heart in my belly, ere I should come by a fire to thaw
                                me. But I with blowing the fire shall warm myself. For, considering
                                the weather, a taller man than I will take cold.—Holla,
                                ho! Curtis!Who is that calls so coldly?A piece of ice. If thou doubt it, thou mayst slide from my
                                shoulder to my heel with no greater a run but my head and my neck. A
                                fire, good Curtis.Is my master and his wife coming, Grumio?Oh, ay, Curtis, ay, and therefore fire, fire. Cast on no
                            water.Is she so hot a shrew as she’s reported?#LBSFORGOLDTo hell with all worn-out horses, all crazy masters, and all bad
                                roads. Was a man ever beaten as much as me? Was a man ever as dirty
                                as me? Was a man ever so tired? I have been sent on ahead to light a
                                fire, and they are coming after to warm themselves. It’s a
                                good thing I’m like a little pot and warm up quickly, or
                                else my lips themselves would freeze and stick to my teeth, my
                                tongue to the roof of my mouth, and my heart would freeze in my
                                belly, before I managed to get thawed out. I’ll warm myself
                                by blowing on the fire. A taller man than I would catch cold in
                                weather like this. Hey! Curtis! Hello!Who calls so coldly?A piece of ice. Trust me, you could slide all the way from my
                                shoulder to my heel taking no more of a running start than the
                                distance between my head and my neck. Start the fire, good
                            Curtis.Are my master and his wife coming, Grumio?Yes, yes, Curtis, so hurry up and start the fire. Leave out the
                                water.Is she as fiery a shrew as they say?