She was, good Curtis, before this frost. But thou knowest winter
                                tames man, woman and beast, for it hath tamed my old master and my
                                new mistress and myself, fellow Curtis.Away, you three-inch fool! I am no beast.Am I but three inches? Why, thy horn is a foot, and so long am I,
                                at the least. But wilt thou make a fire, or shall I complain on thee
                                to our mistress, whose hand, she being now at hand, thou shalt soon
                                feel, to thy cold comfort, for being slow in thy hot office?I prithee, good Grumio, tell me, how goes the world?A cold world, Curtis, in every office but thine, and therefore
                                fire! Do thy duty, and have thy duty, for my master and mistress are
                                almost frozen to death.There’s fire ready. And therefore, good Grumio, the
                            news.Why, “Jack, boy! Ho, boy!” and as much
                                news as wilt thou.Come, you are so full of cony-catching!Why, therefore fire, for I have caught extreme cold.
                                Where’s the cook? Is supper ready, the house trimmed,
                                rushes strewed, cobwebs swept, the servingmen in their new fustian,
                                their white stockings, and every officer his wedding garment on? Be
                                the Jacks fair within, the Jills fair without, the carpets laid, and
                                everything in order?#LBSFORGOLDWell she was, good Curtis, before this frost. But you know how
                                winter tames man, woman, and beast. And it’s tamed my old
                                master and my new mistress and myself, my good colleague.Who are you calling “beast,” midget.
                                You’re no bigger than three inches!Three inches? Really? Your horn is a foot long, and I’m
                                at least that size. Now are you going to make a fire, or am I going
                                to have to report you to our mistress, whose hand, now that she is
                                herself at hand, you’ll be feeling soon. You’ll
                                find it cold comfort, but that’s what you get for being
                                slow with your warming duties.So tell me, Grumio, how goes the world?Cold, Curtis. It’s a cold world, except for people who
                                have to start fires. Therefore, do your duty and take your reward,
                                because my master and mistress are nearly frozen to death.The fire is ready. So go on, tell me the news.“Why, Jack boy, ho boyGrumio response is a line from a song.Why, Jack boy, ho boy!” and all the news
                                you want.Oh, you’re just so
                            funny.Well, make a fire, then. I think I’m getting delirious.
                                Where’s the cook? Is supper ready? Is the house fixed up,
                                the floor covered, the cobwebs swept out of the corners, the
                                servingmen in their new work clothes and the household servants each
                                in his wedding suit? Are all the cups and glasses in their places,
                                the tablecloths laid out—everything in order?