Why, a horse.Tell thou the tale! But hadst thou not crossed me, thou shouldst
                                have heard how her horse fell, and she under her horse. Thou
                                shouldst have heard in how miry a place, how she was bemoiled, how
                                he left her with the horse upon her, how he beat me because her
                                horse stumbled, how she waded through the dirt to pluck him off me,
                                how he swore, how she prayed that never prayed before, how I cried,
                                how the horses ran away, how her bridle was burst, how I lost my
                                crupper, with many things of worthy memory which now shall die in
                                oblivion, and thou return unexperienced to thy grave.By this reck'ning he is more shrew than she.Ay, and that thou and the proudest of you all shall find when he
                                comes home. But what talk I of this? Call forth Nathaniel, Joseph,
                                Nicholas, Philip, Walter, Sugarsop, and the rest. Let their heads be
                                slickly combed, their blue coats brushed, and their garters of an
                                indifferent knit. Let them curtsy with their left legs, and not
                                presume to touch a hair of my master’s horse-tail till they
                                kiss their hands. Are they all ready?They are.Call them forth.
(calling offstage) Do you hear, ho?
                                you must meet my master to countenance my mistress.#LBSFORGOLDWell, the difference of a horse!Oh, tell it yourself if you’re so smart. It’s
                                too bad. If you hadn’t made me angry, you would have heard
                                all about how her horse fell with her under it, how swampy the place
                                was, too, and how she was covered in mud, and how he left her like
                                that, with the horse on top of her, and how he beat
                                me because
                                her horse stumbled, and how she waded
                                through the dirt to pull him off me, and how he swore, how she
                                prayed—this woman who never prayed
                                before—and how I yelled, and how the horses ran away,
                                and how her bridle broke, and how I lost my riding crop, and many
                                other things worth telling, which now will all be lost to memory,
                                and you’ll go to your grave ignorant.By the sound of it, he’s a bigger shrew than she
                            is.Yes—as you and the rest will find out as soon as
                                he’s home. But why am I telling you this? Get them in
                                here—Nathaniel, Joseph, Nicholas, Philip, Walter,
                                Sugarsop, and the rest. Tell them to slick down their hair, brush
                                their blue coats, and make sure their socks match. Have them click
                                their heels together and don’t dare touch a hair of the
                                master’s horse’s tail till they kiss their hands.
                                Are they all ready?They are.Get them in here.
(calling offstage) Hey! Does anyone
                                hear me? Hey! You have to come and greet the master and face the new
                                mistress.