Where be these knaves? What, no man at doorTo hold my stirrup nor to take my horse!Where is Nathaniel, Gregory, Philip?Here, here, sir! Here, sir!“Here, sir! Here, sir! Here, sir! Here,
                                sir!”You loggerheaded and unpolished grooms!What, no attendance? No regard? No duty?Where is the foolish knave I sent before?Here, sir, as foolish as I was before.You peasant swain! You whoreson malt-horse drudge!Did I not bid thee meet me in the parkAnd bring along these rascal knaves with thee?Nathaniel’s coat, sir, was not fully made,And Gabriel’s pumps were all unpinked i'
                                th' heel.There was no link to color Peter’s hat,And Walter’s dagger was not come from sheathing.There were none fine but Adam, Rafe, and Gregory.The rest were ragged, old, and beggarly.Yet, as they are, here are they come to meet you.Go, rascals, go, and fetch my supper in.
Singing

Where is the life that late I led—

Where are those—Sit
                                down, Kate, and welcome.—Soud, soud, soud, soud!#LBSFORGOLDWhere are those bastards? Where is the boy who’s supposed
                                to help me get off my horse and take him to the stable? Where is
                                Nathaniel? Where’s Gregory? Where’s Philip?Here, here, sir! Here, sir!“Here, sir! Here, sir! Here, sir! Here,
                                sir!” You stupid, unpolished dolts! I get no service, no
                                respect, no attention! Where is the fool I sent on ahead?Here, sir, as foolish as ever.You unwashed farmworker! You bastard workhorse drudge!
                                Didn’t I tell you to meet me outside and bring these morons
                                with you?Nathaniel’s coat was being fixed, sir. And one of
                                Gabriel’s shoes had a broken heel. And Peter
                                couldn’t find a matching hat. And Walter couldn’t
                                get his dagger out of its sheath. Only Adam, Rafe, and Gregory were
                                ready. The rest were just a mess—but such as they are,
                                sir, they’re here to welcome you.Go, blockheads, go, and bring my supper to me.
(singing) Where is the life I led until recently? Where are those—Sit
                                down, Kate, make yourself at home.—Come on, come on,
                                come on, come on.