What, would you make me mad? Am not I Christopher Sly, old
                                Sly’s son of Burton Heath, by birth a peddler, by education
                                a cardmaker, by transmutation a bearherd, and now by present
                                profession a tinker? Ask Marian Hacket, the fat alewife of Wincot,
                                if she know me not! If she say I am not fourteen pence on the score
                                for sheer ale, score me up for the lying’st knave in
                                Christendom. What! I am not bestraught!
                            Here’s—Oh, this it is that makes your lady mourn!Oh, this is it that makes your servants droop!Hence comes it that your kindred shuns your house,As beaten hence by your strange lunacy.O noble lord, bethink thee of thy birth,Call home thy ancient thoughts from banishment,And banish hence these abject lowly dreams.Look how thy servants do attend on thee,Each in his office ready at thy beck.Wilt thou have music? Hark! Apollo plays,And twenty cagèd nightingales do sing:Or wilt thou sleep? We’ll have thee to a couchSofter and sweeter than the lustful bedOn purpose trimmed up for Semiramis.Say thou wilt walk, we will bestrew the ground.Or wilt thou ride? Thy horses shall be trapped,Their harness studded all with gold and pearl.Dost thou love hawking? Thou hast hawks will soarAbove the morning lark. Or wilt thou hunt?Thy hounds shall make the welkin answer themAnd fetch shrill echoes from the hollow earth.#LBSFORGOLDWhat, are you trying to make me crazy? I’m Christopher
                                Sly, son of old Sly of Barton-on-Heath, a peddler by birth, a cardmakerA cardmaker made tools for working with wool.cardmaker by trade, a keeper of trained bears by bad luck, and now, by
                                present profession, a tinker. Go ask Marian Hacket, the fat
                                innkeeper of Wincot. She knows me! She’ll tell you about
                                the tab I’ve run up—fourteen pence just for
                                ale. If she doesn’t, call me the biggest liar in
                                Christendom. I’m not crazy! Just look at
                            how—Oh, this is why your poor wife is mourning!And this is why your servants hang their heads in sorrow!And this is why your relatives never visit, frightened away by
                                this unnatural insanity of yours. Oh noble lord, consider your
                                lineage. Try to recall your former state of mental health and forget
                                these crass, lowly desires. Look how your servants wait on you, each
                                one ready to do whatever you command. Would you care to hear some
                                music? Listen! That’s ApolloApollo was the Greek god of music and song.Apollo playing.And those birds you hear—twenty caged nightingales. Do
                                you want to sleep? We’ll have a couch made up
                                that’s softer and more fragrant even than the bed of lustful SemiramisSemiramis was an Assyrian queen famous for her active sex life.Semiramis. Say you want to take a walk, and we’ll sprinkle
                                the ground with flowers. Or do you want to go horseback riding? Your
                                horses will be adorned with harnesses decorated in gold and pearls.
                                Do you like hawking? You have hawks that can soar higher than the
                                morning lark. Or do you want to hunt? Your hounds will make the sky
                                echo with their high-pitched voices.