A whoreson, beetle-headed, flap-eared knave!—Come, Kate, sit down. I know you have a stomach.Will you give thanks, sweet Kate, or else shall I?—What’s this? Mutton?Ay.  Who brought it?    I.'Tis burnt, and so is all the meat.What dogs are these! Where is the rascal cook?How durst you, villains, bring it from the dresserAnd serve it thus to me that love it not?There, take it to you, trenchers, cups, and all!
Throws the meat, & c. about the stage
You heedless joltheads and unmannered slaves!What, do you grumble? I’ll be with you straight.I pray you, husband, be not so disquiet.The meat was well, if you were so contented.I tell thee, Kate, ’twas burnt and dried away.And I expressly am forbid to touch it,For it engenders choler, planteth anger;And better ’twere that both of us did fast,Since of ourselves, ourselves are choleric,Than feed it with such over-roasted flesh.Be patient, tomorrow ’t shall be mended,And, for this night, we’ll fast for company.#LBSFORGOLDHe’s a son of a bitch, a moron, a total
                                jerk.—Come sit down, Kate, I know you must be hungry.
                                Will you say grace, sweet Kate, or shall I?—What is
                                this? Mutton?Yes.Who brought it out here?I did.It’s burnt. The whole thing is burnt. You bastards! Where
                                is that moron of a cook? You devils! How dare you serve it to me
                                this way! There, take it all back—plates, cups, the
                                whole thing.
                                (throws the meat and everything else around the stage)
                                You careless blockheads and unwashed slaves! I heard that!
                                I’ll deal with you in a minute.Please, dear, calm down. The meat was fine if you wanted to eat
                                it.And I’m telling you it was burnt and dried out.
                                I’m not allowed to eat overcooked meatOvercooked meat was through to produce choler, one of the four humors—the one that gave rise to anger.overcooked meat. It gives me
                                indigestion and that makes me irritable. Very, very irritable.Better
                                for us to go hungry, since we’re both hotheaded, than for
                                us to eat meat that’s been cooked too long. But
                                don’t worry, tomorrow it will get straightened out. Tonight
                                we’ll go without food.