Mistake no more. I am not Litio,Nor a musician as I seem to be,But one that scorn to live in this disguiseFor such a one as leaves a gentlemaAnd makes a god of such a cullion.Know, sir, that I am called Hortensio.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Signior Hortensio, I have
                                often heardOf your entire affection to Bianca,And since mine eyes are witness of her lightness,I will with you, if you be so contented,Forswear Bianca and her love for ever.See how they kiss and court! Signior Lucentio,Here is my hand, and here I firmly vowNever to woo her more, but do forswear herAs one unworthy all the former favorsThat I have fondly flattered her withal.And here I take the like unfeignèd oathNever to marry with her, though she would entreat.Fie on her! See how beastly she doth court him!Would all the world but he had quite forsworn!For me, that I may surely keep mine oath,I will be married to a wealthy widow,Ere three days pass, which hath as long loved meAs I have loved this proud disdainful haggard.And so farewell, Signior Lucentio.Kindness in women, not their beauteous looks,Shall win my love, and so I take my leave,In resolution as I swore before.#LBSFORGOLDLet me come clean. I’m not really Litio. I’m not
                                even a musician, really. In fact, I refuse to go on with this
                                charade for a woman who would choose a lower-class guy like this
                                over a gentleman of my stature. My name is Hortensio, sir.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Signior Hortensio,
                                I’ve often heard of your total devotion to Bianca. So, now
                                that I’ve seen with my own eyes proof of her worthlessness,
                                I’m willing to join you in swearing her off for good, if
                                you like.Look how they kiss and carry on! Signior Lucentio, it’s a
                                deal. I hereby swear to have nothing more to do with this girl. I
                                formally declare her unworthy of all the attention and expense I
                                have wasted on her.And I hereby make the same promise—never to marry her,
                                not even if she begs me. The hell with her! Look how she carries on
                                with him! It’s revolting!I wish all her lovers had given her up. Well, to be on the safe
                                side—so I don’t go back on my
                                promise—I plan to get myself married to a wealthy widow
                                within the next three days. She’s been after me for
                                years—the way I’ve been for this proud, haughty
                                hag. Farewell, then, Signior Lucentio. From now on, goodness in
                                women, not superficial beauty, will win my heart. I bid you all
                                goodbye. I’ve made up my mind, and I’m going to
                                stick to it.