O master, master, I have watched so longThat I am dog-weary, but at last I spiedAn ancient angel coming down the hillWill serve the turn.    What is he,
                                Biondello?Master, a marcantant, or a pedant,I know not what, but formal in apparel,In gait and countenance surely like a father.And what of him, Tranio?If he be credulous and trust my tale,I’ll make him glad to seem VincentioAnd give assurance to Baptista MinolaAs if he were the right Vincentio.Take in your love, and then let me alone.God save you, sir.
(as
                                LUCENTIO)
    And you, sir. You
                                are welcome.Travel you far on, or are you at the farthest?Sir, at the farthest for a week or two,But then up farther, and as far as Rome,And so to Tripoli, if God lend me life.#LBSFORGOLDMaster, master, I’ve been on the lookout so long,
                                I’m ready to fall down dead—but I’ve
                                got one, finally! There’s a trustworthy old fellow coming
                                down the hill who will do the job.What does he look like, Biondello?A merchant or a schoolmaster, sir. Well, I don’t know
                                exactly, but his clothes are respectable, and to judge from his face
                                and walk, he’s old enough to be Lucentio’s
                            father.And what about him, Tranio?If he’s an easy mark and buys my story, I think I can get
                                him to pose as Vincentio—and be as ready to vouch for
                                you with Baptista Minola as the real Vincentio would. Go, take your
                                sweetheart and leave him to me.May God keep you well, sir.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) And you too, sir. Welcome.
                                Are you going far, or is this your destination?This is it, for now. Then, in a week or two, I’ll
                                continue on as far as Rome, then on to Tripoli, God willing.