
(as
                                LUCENTIO) What countryman, I
                            pray?      Of
                                Mantua.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Of Mantua, sir? Marry, God
                                forbid!And come to Padua, careless of your life?My life, sir! how, I pray? For that goes hard.'Tis death for anyone in MantuaTo come to Padua. Know you not the cause?Your ships are stayed at Venice, and the Duke,For private quarrel ’twixt your duke and him,Hath published and proclaimed it openly.'Tis marvel, but that you are but newly come,You might have heard it else proclaimed about.Alas, sir, it is worse for me than so,For I have bills for money by exchangeFrom Florence, and must here deliver them.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Well, sir, to do you
                                courtesy,This will I do, and this I will advise you.First tell me, have you ever been at Pisa?Ay, sir, in Pisa have I often been,Pisa renownèd for grave citizens.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Among them know you one
                                Vincentio?I know him not, but I have heard of him:A merchant of incomparable wealth.#LBSFORGOLD
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) What country are you from,
                                if I may ask?Mantua.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Mantua, sir? Oh Lord, I
                                hope not. And coming to Padua? Do you want to get killed?Killed? Why? That would be a little extreme!It’s a capital offense for anyone from Mantua to come to
                                Padua. Didn’t you know? The Duke of Padua has publicly
                                proclaimed it. He’s feuding with your duke, and all ships
                                from Mantua are being held up at Venice. It’s strange that
                                you haven’t heard. There are signs up all over
                                town—but I guess it’s because you’ve
                                only just arrived.Oh dear, oh dear. This is very bad, very bad. I have promissory
                                notes from Florence that I have to deliver.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Well, look, just to be nice
                                I’ll help you out and give you some advice to boot. First
                                tell me, though—have you ever been to Pisa?Oh yes, sir, I have often been to Pisa—Pisa, City of
                                Wise Men.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) There’s one of
                                them called Vincentio? Do you know him?I’ve heard of him but I’ve never met him. A
                                merchant of unheard-of wealth.