
(as
                                LUCENTIO) He is my father, sir, and
                                sooth to say,In count'nance somewhat doth resemble you.
(aside) As much as an apple doth an
                                oyster, and all one.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) To save your life in this
                                extremity,This favor will I do you for his sake—And think it not the worst of all your fortunesThat you are like to Sir Vincentio—His name and credit shall you undertake,And in my house you shall be friendly lodged.Look that you take upon you as you should.You understand me, sir. So shall you stayTill you have done your business in the city.If this be court’sy, sir, accept of it.O sir, I do, and will repute you everThe patron of my life and liberty.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Then go with me to make the
                                matter good.This, by the way, I let you understand:My father is here looked for every dayTo pass assurance of a dower in marriage'Twixt me and one Baptista’s daughter here.In all these circumstances I’ll instruct you.Go with me to clothe you as becomes you.#LBSFORGOLD
(as
                                LUCENTIO) He is my father, sir, and I
                                have to tell you—you look a little like him.
(speaking to the audience) As much
                                as an apple looks like an oyster, but whatever.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Under the circumstance, to
                                save your life, here’s what I’m willing to
                                do—and it’s actually not an unlucky thing that
                                you happen to look like Sir Vincentio. We’ll pass you off
                                as him—you can assume his name and reputation and stay
                                in my house. You just have to act your part, you understand?
                                You’ll stay here in the city until you’ve taken
                                care of your business. If this is kindness, you’re welcome
                                to it.Oh sir, I accept. And I’ll be eternally grateful to
                            you.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Then come with me and
                                we’ll set it up. And, by the way, I should probably tell
                                you: my father himself is coming any day to vouch for me in the
                                matter of a dowry—a marriage contract between me and the
                                daughter of a fellow named Baptista. I’ll fill you in on
                                the whole situation. Come, let’s go and get your
                            costume.