No, no, forsooth, I dare not for my life.The more my wrong, the more his spite appears.What, did he marry me to famish me?Beggars that come unto my father’s doorUpon entreaty have a present alms.If not, elsewhere they meet with charity.But I, who never knew how to entreat,Nor never needed that I should entreat,Am starved for meat, giddy for lack of sleep,With oaths kept waking and with brawling fed.And that which spites me more than all these wants,He does it under name of perfect love,As who should say, if I should sleep or eat,'Twere deadly sickness or else present death.I prithee, go and get me some repast,I care not what, so it be wholesome food.What say you to a neat’s foot?'Tis passing good. I prithee let me have it.I fear it is too choleric a meat.How say you to a fat tripe finely broiled?I like it well. Good Grumio, fetch it me.I cannot tell. I fear ’tis choleric. What say you to a
                                piece of beef and mustard?A dish that I do love to feed upon.#LBSFORGOLDNo, no, I can’t, really. He’d kill me.The more I suffer, the more spiteful he becomes. Did he marry me
                                just to starve me? Beggars at my father’s door are given
                                money as soon as they ask for it. And if they don’t find
                                charity there, they find it someplace else. But I, who have never
                                known how to beg and never had to beg, am starved for food, dizzy
                                with lack of sleep, kept awake with curses and fed with brawling.
                                And what irks me more than all these things put together is that he
                                does it under the pretense of love—as though for me to
                                eat or sleep would bring on fatal illness or sudden death. Please,
                                go and get me something to eat. I don’t care what so long
                                as it’s nutritious.What do you say to a calf’s foot?Oh, lovely. Can I have some?I’m afraid it will raise your blood pressure“Choleric” = angryraise your blood pressure. What do you
                                say to an ox stomach, nicely broiled?I’d love it. Nice Grumio, bring me some.I don’t know. I’m afraid it will make you too
                                hot, too. What do you say to a piece of beef with mustard?A favorite dish of mine.