    I pray you, let it
                                stand.The poorest service is repaid with thanks,And so shall mine, before you touch the meat.I thank you, sir.Signior Petruchio, fie, you are to blame.Come, mistress Kate, I’ll bear you company.
(aside to
                                HORTENSIO)
Eat it up all, Hortensio, if thou lovest me.—Much good do it unto thy gentle heart.Kate, eat apace. And now, my honey love,Will we return unto thy father’s houseAnd revel it as bravely as the best,With silken coats and caps and golden rings,With ruffs and cuffs and farthingales and things,With scarves and fans and double change of brav'ry,With amber bracelets, beads, and all this knav'ry.What, hast thou dined? The tailor stays thy leisureTo deck thy body with his ruffling treasure.Come, tailor, let us see these ornaments.Lay forth the gown.    What news with
                                you, sir?Here is the cap your Worship did bespeak.#LBSFORGOLDPlease, leave it here.The smallest service is repaid with thanks. Mine will be, too,
                                before you touch the food.Thank you, sir.Shame on you, Petruchio! You are too harsh. Come, mistress Kate,
                                I’ll join you.
(speaking so that only HORTENSIO
                                can hear) Do me a favor and scarf it
                                all down yourself, Hortensio.—May it do your gentle
                                heart good, Kate. Eat up quickly, my honey lamb, we’re off
                                to your father’s house to join in the revelry, where
                                we’ll dress as well as the best of them, with silk robes
                                and caps and golden rings, collars and cuffs and fancy frocks and
                                things, with scarves and fans and two changes of clothes, amber
                                bracelets, beads, and plenty of gewgaws. All finished? The tailor is
                                waiting to deck you out in ruffled finery.Now, tailor, let’s see what you’ve got. Lay out
                                the gown.What can I do for you, sir?Here is the cap your Worship ordered.