Why, this was molded on a porringer!A velvet dish! Fie, fie, ’tis lewd and filthy!Why, ’tis a cockle or a walnut shell,A knack, a toy, a trick, a baby’s cap.Away with it! Come, let me have a bigger.I’ll have no bigger. This doth fit the time,And gentlewomen wear such caps as these.When you are gentle, you shall have one too,And not till then.
(aside) That will not be in
                            haste.Why, sir, I trust I may have leave to speak,And speak I will. I am no child, no babe.Your betters have endured me say my mind,And if you cannot, best you stop your ears.My tongue will tell the anger of my heartOr else my heart, concealing it, will break,And, rather than it shall, I will be freeEven to the uttermost, as I please, in words.Why, thou say’st true. It is a paltry cap,A custard-coffin, a bauble, a silken pie.I love thee well in that thou lik’st it not.Love me or love me not, I like the cap,And it I will have, or I will have none.Thy gown? Why, ay. Come, tailor, let us see ’t.O mercy, God! What masking stuff is here?What’s this? A sleeve? 'Tis like a
                            demi-cannon.#LBSFORGOLDWhy, this was modeled on a porridge bowl! It’s a velvet
                                dish! No, definitely not! It’s cheap and nasty!
                                It’s like a cockleshell or a walnut shell, a joke, a prank,
                                a doll’s cap. Take it away. Bring me a bigger one.I won’t have one any bigger. This is the fashion.
                                Gentlewomen are wearing caps like this right now.When you are gentle, you shall have one, too, and not till
                            then.
(to himself) That won’t be
                                anytime soon.Sir, I think I have the right to speak, and speak I certainly
                                will. I am not a child or an infant. Better men than you have heard
                                me speak my mind, and if you can’t take it, then
                                you’d better plug your ears. I’ll express my anger
                                or die concealing it. And rather than have that happen,
                                I’ll give myself permission to speak as freely as I like,
                                whatever I may have to say.You know, you’re right. It’s a measly little
                                cap, a dessert crust, a plaything, a silk pie. I love you all the
                                more for not liking it.I don’t care if you love me or not, I like the cap and
                                I’ll have it or I won’t have any.Now, your gown? Yes, yes. Come, tailor, show it to us. Merciful
                                God! What sort of costume do we have here? What do you call this? A
                                sleeve? It’s like a cannon.