What, up and down, carved like an apple tart?Here’s snip and nip and cut and slish and slash,Like to a censer in a barber’s shop.Why, what i' devil’s name, tailor,
                                call’st thou this?
(aside) I see she’s like
                                to have neither cap nor gown.You bid me make it orderly and well,According to the fashion and the time.Marry, and did. But if you be remembered,I did not bid you mar it to the time.Go, hop me over every kennel home,For you shall hop without my custom, sir.I’ll none of it. Hence, make your best of it.I never saw a better-fashioned gown,More quaint, more pleasing, nor more commendable.Belike you mean to make a puppet of me.Why, true, he means to make a puppet of thee.She says your Worship means to make a puppet of her.O monstrous arrogance! Thou liest, thou thread, thou thimble,Thou yard, three-quarters, half-yard, quarter, nail!Thou flea, thou nit, thou winter cricket thou!Braved in mine own house with a skein of thread?Away, thou rag, thou quantity, thou remnant,Or I shall so be-mete thee with thy yardAs thou shalt think on prating whilst thou liv’st!I tell thee, I, that thou hast marred her gown.#LBSFORGOLDWhat have you done? Carved it up and down like an apple tart? Snip
                                and snip and cut and slash—it’s got more holes
                                than a sieve! What in the world do you call this, tailor!
(to himself) I see she’s
                                likely to have neither cap nor gown.You told me to make it well and properly and in keeping with the
                                current style.Certainly, I did. But if you remember, I didn’t tell you
                                to parody the style. Go on home, sir. You’ve lost me as a
                                customer. I won’t take it. Do whatever you want with
                            it.I never saw a better-designed gown, more elegant and pleasing and
                                well made. Perhaps you think you can make me into some sort of
                                plaything?Yes, that’s it! The tailor thinks he can make you into
                                some sort of plaything.She says your Worship thinks you
                                can make her into some sort of plaything.What monstrous arrogance! It’s a lie, you thread, you
                                thimble, you measurement! You flea, you louse, you winter cricket!
                                Disrespected in my own house by a spool of thread! Get out of here
                                you rag, you remnant, you piece of yardage, or I’ll measure
                                you within an inch of your life with your own yardstick, and
                                you’ll remember your yammering for the rest of your life. I
                                tell you, you’ve ruined her gown.