Master, if ever I said “loose-bodied gown,” sew me in the
skirts of it, and beat me to death with a bottom of brown
 thread. I said “a gown.”
Proceed.
(reads) “With a
                                small-compassed cape—”I confess the cape.
(reads) “With a trunk
                                sleeve—”I confess two sleeves.
(reads) “The sleeves
                                curiously cut.”Ay, there’s the villany. Error i' the bill, sir, error i' the bill! I
                                commanded the
sleeves should be cut out and sewed up again, and that
                                I’ll
prove upon thee, though thy little finger be armed in a
thimble.
This is true that I say: an I had thee in place where, thou
shouldst know it.
I am for thee straight. Take thou the bill, give me thy mete-
yard, and spare not me.
God-a-mercy, Grumio! Then he shall have no odds.Well, sir, in brief, the gown is not for me.You are i' the right, sir, ’tis for my
                            mistress.#LBSFORGOLDMaster, if ever I said “
 				loose-bodied gownGrumio acts if “loose-bodied” meant intended for a loose womanloose-bodied gown
                                ,” sew me into the skirts of it and beat me to death
                                with a bobbin of brown thread. I said “a
                                gown.”Go on.
(he reads) “With a
                                half-circle cape—”I admit the cape.
(he reads) “With a wide
                                sleeve—”I admit two sleeves.
(he reads) “The sleeves
                                carefully cut.”Ah, there’s the problem.Error in the bill, sir, error in the bill! I ordered that the
                                sleeves be cut out and sewed up again, and I’ll prove it in
                                combat even if your little finger is armed with your thimble.What I say is true. And if this were a fitting place, I’d
                                prove it.I am ready for you. You take the bill and I’ll take your
                                yardstick. Do your worst!God have mercy, Grumio! He won’t have a chance.Well, sir, the gown is not for me.You are right, it’s for my mistress.