Go, take it up unto thy master’s use.Villain, not for thy life! Take up my mistress' gown for
                                thy
 master’s use!
Why, sir, what’s your conceit in that?O, sir, the conceit is deeper than you think for. Take up my
 mistress' gown to his master’s use! O, fie,
                                fie, fie!

(aside) Hortensio, say thou wilt
                                see the tailor paid.
(to
                                TAILOR) Go, take it hence. Begone,
                                and say no more.
(aside to
                                TAILOR)
Tailor, I’ll pay thee for thy gown tomorrow.Take no unkindness of his hasty words.Away, I say. Commend me to thy master.Well, come, my Kate. We will unto your father’sEven in these honest mean habiliments.Our purses shall be proud, our garments poor,For ’tis the mind that makes the body rich,And as the sun breaks through the darkest clouds,So honor peereth in the meanest habit.What, is the jay more precious than the larkBecause his feathers are more beautiful?Or is the adder better than the eelBecause his painted skin contents the eye?#LBSFORGOLDGo, take it away and let your master make whatever use of it he
                                can.Certainly not! Take off my mistress' gown for your
                                master’s use!Why, what’s the problem?Oh, sir, the problem goes far deeper than you realize. Take up my
                                mistress' gown for his master’s use! Oh,
                                that’s disgusting!
(speaking so that only HORTENSIO
                                can hear) Hortensio, tell the tailor
                                you’ll make sure he gets paid.
                                (to
                                TAILOR) Take it away. Off you go.
                                There’s no more to be said.
(speaking so that only TAILOR
                                can hear) Tailor, I’ll pay
                                you for the gown tomorrow. Don’t be offended at his angry
                                words. Go on, then. Regards to your master.Ah well, my Kate. We’ll go to your father’s
                                house dressed as we are, in simple but honest clothes. Our purses
                                shall be rich, our garments poor. After all, it’s the mind
                                that enriches the body, and just as the sun shines through the
                                darkest clouds, well, that’s how clearly honor peeps
                                through even the humblest style of dress. I mean, is the jay more
                                precious than the lark because his feather is more beautiful? Is the
                                snake better than the eel because the pattern on his back pleases
                                the eye?