Oh, no, good Kate. Neither art thou the worseFor this poor furniture and mean array.If thou account’st it shame, lay it on me,And therefore frolic! We will hence forthwithTo feast and sport us at thy father’s house.
(to
                                GRUMIO) Go, call my men, and let us
                                straight to him,And bring our horses unto Long Lane end.There will we mount, and thither walk on foot.Let’s see, I think ’tis now some seven
                                o'clock,And well we may come there by dinnertime.I dare assure you, sir, ’tis almost two,And ’twill be supper time ere you come there.It shall be seven ere I go to horse.Look what I speak, or do, or think to do,You are still crossing it. Sirs, let ’t alone.I will not go today, and ere I doIt shall be what o'clock I say it is.
(aside) Why, so this gallant will
                                command the sun.#LBSFORGOLDHardly, Kate. By the same token you are worth no less for your
                                simple clothes and lack of finery. If you regard it as shameful, put
                                the shame on me. So, let’s perk up! We’re off to
                                eat and whoop it up at your father’s
                                house.(to
                                GRUMIO) Go, call my men so we can
                                leave right away. And bring our horses to the end of Long Lane.
                                We’ll walk there on foot and mount up there. Let’s
                                see, I think it must be seven o'clock, so we should get
                                there easily by lunchtime.I hate to say it, but it’s almost two and we
                                won’t get there before suppertime.It shall be seven o'clock before I get on my horse.
                                Whatever I say, or think, or do, you’re continually
                                contradicting it. Sirs, never mind. We won’t go
                                today—or any day until it’s clear that it shall
                                be whatever time I say it is.
(to himself) I see this fellow
                                intends to command the sun.