
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Thou'rt a tall
                                fellow. Hold thee that to drink.
Gives money
Here comes Baptista. Set your countenance, sir.Signior Baptista, you are happily met.—Sir, this is the gentleman I told you of.I pray you stand good father to me now.Give me Bianca for my patrimony.
(as
                                VINCENTIO) Soft son.—Sir, by your leave, having come to PaduaTo gather in some debts, my son LucentioMade me acquainted with a weighty causeOf love between your daughter and himself.And, for the good report I hear of youAnd for the love he beareth to your daughterAnd she to him, to stay him not too long,I am content, in a good father’s care,To have him matched. And if you please to likeNo worse than I, upon some agreementMe shall you find ready and willingWith one consent to have her so bestowed,For curious I cannot be with you,Signior Baptista, of whom I hear so well.Sir, pardon me in what I have to say.Your plainness and your shortness please me well.Right true it is your son Lucentio hereDoth love my daughter and she loveth him,Or both dissemble deeply their affections.And therefore, if you say no more than this,That like a father you will deal with himAnd pass my daughter a sufficient dower,The match is made, and all is done.Your son shall have my daughter with consent.#LBSFORGOLD
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Good lad! Here, buy
                                yourself a drink on me.He gives BIONDELLO
                            some money.
Here comes Baptista. Places, everyone!Signior Baptista, I’m glad to see you.—Sir,
                                this is the gentleman I told you of. I hope you’ll be a
                                good father to me now. Give me Bianca for my inheritance.
(as
                                VINCENTIO) Hush,
                                son.—Sir, may I? Having come to Padua to collect some
                                debts, my son Lucentio acquainted me with a serious matter, namely
                                the love between your daughter and himself. Now, since I’ve
                                heard good reports of you, and in view of the love between your
                                daughter and my son, I’m willing to give my consent to his
                                marriage right away. So, if you think you can put up with no worse a
                                man than I am, you’ll find me willing, pending some
                                agreement, to see your daughter betrothed to him. I can’t
                                haggle with you, Signior Baptista. I have too much respect for
                            you.Sir, pardon me for what I am about to say. I appreciate your
                                frankness and your brevity. It’s true that your son
                                Lucentio here loves my daughter, and she loves him—or
                                else they’re putting on quite an act.Therefore, provided that you assure me that you will treat your
                                son as a father should and offer my daughter a sufficient dowry,
                                we’ll call it a match and be done with it. Your son will
                                have my consent to marry my daughter.