
(as
                                LUCENTIO)
I thank you, sir. Where then do you know bestWe be affied and such assurance ta'enAs shall with either part’s agreement stand?Not in my house, Lucentio, for you knowPitchers have ears, and I have many servants.Besides, old Gremio is heark'ning still,And happily we might be interrupted.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Then at my lodging, an it
                                like you.There doth my father lie, and there this nightWe’ll pass the business privately and well.Send for your daughter by your servant here.My boy shall fetch the scrivener presently.The worst is this, that at so slender warningYou are like to have a thin and slender pittance.It likes me well.—Cambio, hie you home,And bid Bianca make her ready straight.And, if you will, tell what hath happenèd:Lucentio’s father is arrived in Padua,And how she’s like to be Lucentio’s wife.I pray the gods she may, with all my heart!#LBSFORGOLD
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Thank you, sir. Where can
                                we draw up the necessary papers and get this settled?Not in my house, Lucentio. My servants might overhear, and old
                                Gremio is still hanging around, so we might be interrupted.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Then at my place, if you
                                like. That’s where my father’s staying. We can get
                                everything sorted out in private there tonight. Send your servant
                                for Bianca. Mine shall go and fetch the notary. The only drawback is
                                that, with such short notice, we’ll be able to offer you
                                only modest refreshment.This is all very acceptable.—Cambio, hurry home and
                                tell Bianca to get ready right away and, if you don’t mind,
                                tell her what’s happened: that Lucentio’s father
                                has arrived in Padua, and that she’s likely to become
                                Lucentio’s wife.I hope with all my heart she will!