I cannot tell, except they are busied about a counterfeit
assurance. Take you assurance of her cum privilegio ad
 imprimendum solum. To th' church take the priest, clerk,
and some sufficient honest witnesses.
If this be not that you look for, I have no more to say,
But bid Bianca farewell forever and a day.
Hear’st thou, Biondello?I cannot tarry. I knew a wench married in an afternoon as
she went to the garden for parsley to stuff a rabbit, and so
may you, sir. And so adieu, sir. My master hath appointed
me to go to Saint Luke’s to bid the priest be ready to
                                come
against you come with your appendix.
I may, and will, if she be so contented.She will be pleased. Then wherefore should I doubt?Hap what hap may, I’ll roundly go about her.It shall go hard if “Cambio” go without
                                her.#LBSFORGOLDI don’t know, except they are busy with some phony
                                guarantee. So go and put your stamp on the girl. Go to the church:
                                take the priest, the clerk, and some reasonably honest witnesses. If
                                this isn’t what you’ve been hoping for, I have no
                                more to say except that you ought to say goodbye to Bianca
                            forever.Listen, Biondello—I can’t stay. I knew a girl who was married in an
                                afternoon as she went to the garden for parsley to stuff a rabbit.
                                It could happen to you. Farewell, sir. My master has instructed me
                                to go to Saint Luke’s to tell the priest to be ready in
                                case you should show up with your better half.I may. I will if she likes the idea. She will be pleased. Then why
                                am I worried? Oh well, whatever. I’ll ask her straight out.
                                It will be hard if “Cambio” loses
                            her.