Come on, i' God’s name, once more toward our
                                father’s.Good Lord, how bright and goodly shines the moon!The moon? The sun! It is not moonlight now.I say it is the moon that shines so bright.I know it is the sun that shines so bright.Now, by my mother’s son, and that’s myself,It shall be moon, or star, or what I list,Or e'er I journey to your father’s house.
(to servants) Go on, and fetch our
                                horses back again.—Evermore crossed and crossed, nothing but crossed!
(to
                                KATHERINE) Say as he says, or we
                                shall never go.Forward, I pray, since we have come so far,And be it moon, or sun, or what you please.An if you please to call it a rush candle,Henceforth I vow it shall be so for me.I say it is the moon.I know it is the moon.Nay, then you lie. It is the blessèd sun.#LBSFORGOLDCome, let’s continue on toward your father’s
                                house. Good Lord, how bright and splendid is the moon
                            tonight!The moon? You mean the sun! It is not nighttime now.I say it’s the moon that shines so bright.I know it’s the sun that shines so bright.Now, by my mother’s son, and that’s me, it will
                                be moon or star or whatever I want before I’ll travel to
                                your father’s house.
                                (to servants) Go return our
                                horses.— Constantly contradicted and contradicted, and
                                nothing but contradicted!
(to
                                KATHERINE) Say what he wants or
                                we’ll never go.Since we’ve come this far,
                                please—let’s continue on. And whatever it
                                is—moon or sun or anything you like—if you
                                want to call it a tea candle, that’s what it is as far as
                                I’m concerned. From now on, I promise.I say it’s the moon.I know it’s the moon.Well, you’re a liar, then. It’s the blessed
                            sun.