Then God be blessed, it is the blessèd sun.But sun it is not, when you say it is not,And the moon changes even as your mind.What you will have it named, even that it is,And so it shall be so for Katherine.Petruchio, go thy ways; the field is won.Well, forward, forward! Thus the bowl should run,And not unluckily against the bias.But, soft! Company is coming here.
(to
                                VINCENTIO)
Good morrow, gentle mistress, where away?—Tell me, sweet Kate, and tell me truly too,Hast thou beheld a fresher gentlewoman?Such war of white and red within her cheeks!What stars do spangle heaven with such beautyAs those two eyes become that heavenly face?—Fair lovely maid, once more good day to thee.—Sweet Kate, embrace her for her beauty’s sake.
(aside) He will make the man mad,
                                to make a woman of him.Young budding virgin, fair and fresh and sweet,Whither away, or where is thy abode?Happy the parents of so fair a child.Happier the man whom favorable starsAllot thee for his lovely bedfellow!#LBSFORGOLDThen God be praised, it is the
                                blessed sun. But it is not the sun when you say it is not, and the
                                moon changes according to your mind. Whatever you want to call a
                                thing, that’s what it is—and that’s
                                what it will always be for me.Petruchio, do whatever you like. You’ve won.Well, onward, then. That’s how things should
                                be—straight and smooth. But, hang on! I hear someone
                                coming.
(to
                                VINCENTIO) Good morning, young miss,
                                where are you going?—Tell me, sweet Kate, and tell me
                                truly, have you ever seen a young gentlewoman blooming more with
                                health? The way the shades of white and red compete in her
                                complexion. Which of the stars in heaven shine with such beauty as
                                the two eyes that sparkle in that heavenly face? Fair lovely maid,
                                once more good day to you.—Sweet Kate, embrace her for
                                her beauty.
(speaking so that only the audience can hear)
                                He will drive the man mad pretending he thinks he’s a
                                woman.Young budding virgin, fair and pure and sweet, where are you off
                                to? Or where do you live? Your parents are lucky to have such a
                                lovely child. And luckier still is the man who gets to be your
                                husband and share your bed.