Why, how now, Kate! I hope thou art not mad.This is a man—old, wrinkled, faded,
                                withered—And not a maiden, as thou say’st he is.Pardon, old father, my mistaking eyesThat have been so bedazzled with the sunThat everything I look on seemeth green.Now I perceive thou art a reverend father.Pardon, I pray thee, for my mad mistaking.Do, good old grandsire, and withal make knownWhich way thou travellest. If along with us,We shall be joyful of thy company.Fair sir, and you, my merry mistress,That with your strange encounter much amazed me,My name is called Vincentio, my dwelling Pisa,And bound I am to Padua, there to visitA son of mine which long I have not seen.What is his name?Lucentio, gentle sir.Happily met, the happier for thy son.And now by law as well as reverend age,I may entitle thee my loving father.The sister to my wife, this gentlewoman,Thy son by this hath married. Wonder notNor be grieved. She is of good esteem,Her dowry wealthy, and of worthy birth.Beside, so qualified as may beseemThe spouse of any noble gentleman.#LBSFORGOLDWhy, dear me, Kate! I hope you haven’t lost your mind.
                                This is not a maiden, as you say, but an old
                                man—wrinkled, faded, and withered.Sir, pardon my imperfect eyes, which have been so blinded by the
                                sun that everything I look at appears green“Green” here means “young.”.green. Now I can see that
                                you’re an elderly gentleman. Do forgive me for my crazy
                                error.Do, good old grandfather, and while you’re at it, tell us
                                which way you’re traveling. If we’re all headed in
                                the same direction, we’d love your company.Well, sir, and you, witty lady, who gave me quite a turn with your
                                strange talk, my name is Vincentio, my hometown Pisa, and I am
                                traveling to Padua to visit a son of mine whom I haven’t
                                seen in a long while.What is his name?Lucentio, sir.A fortunate coincidence—more fortunate for your son. I
                                can now call you “father” in a legal sense,
                                not just out of respect for your age. The sister of my wife, this
                                lady here, is married to your son. And there’s no need for
                                wonder or worry. His bride is well thought of, with a rich dowry and
                                noble birth—a fit wife for any nobleman.