
(to
                                VINCENTIO) Why, how now, gentleman!
                                Why, this is flat
 knavery to take upon you another man’s name.

(as
                                VINCENTIO) Lay hands on the villain.
                                I believe he means
 to cozen somebody in this city under my countenance.

(aside) I have seen them in the
                                church together. God send'em good shipping! But who is here? Mine old masterVincentio! Now we are undone and brought to nothing.
(to
                                BIONDELLO) Come hither,
                            crack-hemp.Hope I may choose, sir.Come hither, you rogue! What, have you forgot me?Forgot you! No, sir. I could not forget you, for I never saw
 you before in all my life.
What, you notorious villain, didst thou never see thy
master’s father, Vincentio?
What, my old worshipful old master? Yes, marry, sir. See
where he looks out of the window.
Is ’t so, indeed.Help, help, help! Here’s a madman will murder me.#LBSFORGOLD
(to
                                VINCENTIO) What? Why this is out and
                                out robbery! To appropriate another man’s name.
(as
                                VINCENTIO) Arrest the wretch. I think
                                he means to bamboozle someone in this city while pretending to be
                                me.
(to himself) Well, I’ve
                                seen them married. Good luck to them! Uh-oh. What’s this?
                                It’s my master’s father, Vincentio! Now
                                we’re in trouble. Everything’s ruined.
(to
                                BIONDELLO) Come here, you
                            scoundrel.I believe I have some choice in the matter, sir.Come here, you wretch! What, have you forgotten me?Forgotten you! No, sir. I could not forget you, since I never saw
                                you before in my life.Despicable brute! Never seen your master’s father,
                                Vincentio?My honorable, reverend master? Yes, of course. There he is at the
                                window.Is that so?Help, help, help! This madman will murder me.