
(as
                                VINCENTIO) Help, son! Help, Signior
                                Baptista!Prithee, Kate, let’s stand aside and see the end of this
                                controversy.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Sir, what are you that
                                offer to beat my
servant?
What am I, sir! Nay, what are you, sir? O immortal gods! O
fine villain! A silken doublet, a velvet hose, a scarlet cloak,
and a copatain hat! Oh, I am undone, I am undone! While
I play the good husband at home, my son and my servant
spend all at the university.

(as
                                LUCENTIO) How now, what’s
                                the matter?What, is the man lunatic?
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Sir, you seem a sober
                                ancient gentleman by
your habit, but your words show you a madman. Why, sir,
what 'cerns it you if I wear pearl and gold? I thank my
                                good 
father I am able to maintain it.
Thy father! O villain! He is a sailmaker in Bergamo.#LBSFORGOLD
(as
                                VINCENTIO) Help, son! Help, Signior
                                Baptista!What do you think, Kate, shall we hang back and see how this
                                conflict finishes?
(as
                                LUCENTIO) How dare you beat my
                                servant, sir?How dare I? How dare you,
                                sir? Oh, cruel gods! Oh, clever
                                villain! A silk doublet, velvet hose, a scarlet cloak, and a
                                high-brimmed hat! Oh, I am destroyed, I am destroyed! While I sat
                                counting my pennies at home, my son and my servant have squandered
                                all my money at the university.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Heavens, what’s
                                the matter?What, is the man crazy?
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Sir, you seem from your
                                clothes to be a sober, respectable old gentleman, but your words
                                show you to be a madman. What do you care if I wear pearls and gold?
                                Thanks to my father, I can afford to.Your father! Why, you scoundrel! Your father is a sailmaker in
                                Bergamo.