You mistake, sir, you mistake, sir. Pray, what do you think
is his name?
His name! As if I knew not his name! I have brought him up
ever since he was three years old, and his name is Tranio.

(as
                                VINCENTIO) Away, away, mad ass! His
                                name is Lucentio
and he is mine only son, and heir to the lands of me, Signior
Vincentio.
Lucentio! Oh, he hath murdered his master! Lay hold on
him, I charge you in the Duke’s name. O my son, my son!
Tell me, thou villain, where is my son Lucentio?

(as
                                LUCENTIO) Call forth an
                            officer.Carry this mad knave to the jail.—Father Baptista,I charge you see that he be forthcoming.Carry me to the jail?Stay, officer. He shall not go to prison.Talk not, Signior Gremio. I say he shall go to prison.Take heed, Signior Baptista, lest you be cony-catched in
this business. I dare swear this is the right Vincentio.

(as
                                VINCENTIO) Swear, if thou
                            darest.#LBSFORGOLDYou’re wrong, sir, very wrong. Why, what do you imagine
                                his name to be?His name! As if I wouldn’t know his name, I who brought
                                him up ever since he was three years old. His name is Tranio.
(as
                                VINCENTIO) Get rid of this mad fool!
                                This is Lucentio, my only son and heir to all my lands.Lucentio! Oh God, he’s murdered his master! Restrain him!
                                I charge you in the Duke’s name. Oh, my son, my son! Tell
                                me, you monster, where is my son Lucentio?
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Call forth an
                            officer.Take this mad wretch to jail.—Father-in-law Baptista,
                                will you see that he’s available to appear in court?Take me off to jail?Wait, officer. He mustn’t go to prison.Be quiet, Signior Gremio. I say he shall go to prison.Be careful, Signior Baptista, lest you be made the dupe in this
                                business. I could swear this is the real Vincentio.
(as
                                VINCENTIO) Can you swear to
                            it?