Madam wife, they say that I have dreamedAnd slept above some fifteen year or more.Ay, and the time seems thirty unto me,Being all this time abandoned from your bed.'Tis much.—Servants, leave me and her alone.Madam, undress you and come now to bed.Thrice noble lord, let me entreat of youTo pardon me yet for a night or two,Or if not so, until the sun be set.For your physicians have expressly charged,In peril to incur your former malady,That I should yet absent me from your bed.I hope this reason stands for my excuse.Ay, it stands so that I may hardly tarry so long. But I would be
                                loath to fall into my dreams again. I will therefore tarry in
                                despite of the flesh and the blood.Your Honor’s players, hearing your amendment,Are come to play a pleasant comedy,For so your doctors hold it very meet,Seeing too much sadness hath congealed your blood,And melancholy is the nurse of frenzy.Therefore they thought it good you hear a playAnd frame your mind to mirth and merriment,Which bars a thousand harms and lengthens life.#LBSFORGOLDMadam wife, they say I’ve been dreaming or asleep for
                                more than fifteen years.Yes, and it seemed twice as long to me, having been kept from your
                                bed that whole time.That’s too long.—Servants, leave her and me
                                alone. Now, madam, undress and come to bed.Thrice noble lord, I beg you to excuse me for another night or
                                two—or at least until nightfall. Your doctors have
                                expressly forbidden me to sleep with you, as there’s a risk
                                that you might have a relapse. I hope this explanation will stand as
                                my excuse.Well, something’s standing up. I’m not sure I
                                can wait that long. Still, I’d hate to see my former dreams
                                return. So I will wait, however flesh and bloodSly means that he is sexually aroused.flesh and blood may feel about it.Your Honor’s actors, hearing of your recovery, have come
                                to perform a pleasing comedy for you—and your doctors
                                approve wholeheartedly. They say that too much suffering has made
                                your blood coagulate, and that sadness leads to madness. So they
                                think it’s a good idea for you to watch a play and direct
                                your thoughts toward laughter and merriment—two strong
                                preventive medicines that foster long life.