
Mi perdonato, gentle master mine.I am in all affected as yourself,Glad that you thus continue your resolveTo suck the sweets of sweet philosophy.Only, good master, while we do admireThis virtue and this moral discipline,Let’s be no stoics nor no stocks, I pray,Or so devote to Aristotle’s checksAs Ovid be an outcast quite abjured.Balk logic with acquaintance that you have,And practice rhetoric in your common talk;Music and poesy use to quicken you;The mathematics and the metaphysics—Fall to them as you find your stomach serves you.No profit grows where is no pleasure ta'en.In brief, sir, study what you most affect.Gramercies, Tranio, well dost thou advise.If, Biondello, thou wert come ashore,We could at once put us in readinessAnd take a lodging fit to entertainSuch friends as time in Padua shall beget.But stay awhile. What company is this?Master, some show to welcome us to town.Gentlemen, importune me no farther,For how I firmly am resolved you know—That is, not to bestow my youngest daughterBefore I have a husband for the elder.If either of you both love Katherina,Because I know you well and love you wellLeave shall you have to court her at your pleasure.#LBSFORGOLDPardon me, gentle master. As usual, I’m in complete
                                agreement with you about everything, and glad that you still relish
                                the idea of studying philosophy—and let me add that I
                                admire your virtue and your moral discipline. That said,
                                let’s not become total stoicsStoics were ancient Greek philosophers who advocated indifference to pain or pleasure.stoics or unfeeling blocks of wood
                                and give up all thought of pleasure. We don’t want to
                                become so focused on AristotleAristotle’s writings would have beencentral to the university curriculum. In contrast, the poet Ovid wrote frequently about erotic love, and much of his work was considered scandalous.Aristotle that we forget to read Ovid.
                                Here’s my thought: practice your logic as you chat with
                                your friends, and your rhetoric in ordinary conversation. Use music
                                and poetry to excite your senses. Math and
                                metaphysics—well, I’d play them by ear,
                                spending only as much time on them as you can stand.
                                There’s nothing to be gained from things we take no
                                pleasure in. What I’m saying, sir, is this: study what you
                                most enjoy.Thanks, Tranio. That’s good advice. Now if only Biondello
                                would get here, we could find a nice place to stay where the friends
                                we’ll make here in Padua could visit us. Wait! Who are all
                                these people?Maybe it’s a parade to welcome us to town, master.Enough, gentlemen! You can’t influence me on this point.
                                You know how I feel. I’m determined not to permit my
                                younger daughter to marry until I have a husband for the elder one.
                                I’ve long regarded you both as good friends. Therefore, if
                                either of you is partial to Katherina, he shall have my permission
                                to court her freely.