To cart her, rather. She’s too rough for me.—There, there, Hortensio, will you any wife?
(to
                                BAPTISTA) I pray you, sir, is it your
                                willTo make a stale of me amongst these mates?“Mates,” maid? how mean you that? No mates
                                for youUnless you were of gentler, milder mold.I' faith, sir, you shall never need to fear.I wis it is not halfway to her heart.But if it were, doubt not her care should beTo comb your noddle with a three-legged stoolAnd paint your face and use you like a fool.From all such devils, good Lord, deliver us!And me too, good Lord!
(aside to
                                LUCENTIO)
Husht, master, here’s some good pastime toward.That wench is stark mad or wonderful froward.
(aside to
                                TRANIO) But in the other’s
                                silence do I seeMaid’s mild behavior and sobriety.Peace, Tranio.#LBSFORGOLD
CartGremio refers to an Elizabethan practice in which prostitutes and women who “scolds” were tied behind a cart and whipped as it moved through town.Cart her, you mean. She’s too much for me. How about you,
                                Hortensio? Are you still interested in marrying?
(to
                                BAPTISTA) May I ask, sir, if
                                it’s your intention to publicly humiliate me, showing me
                                off like a whore in front of these suitors?We’re not your suitors, that’s for sure! Not
                                until you improve your temper, girl!Don’t worry, I couldn’t care less. The only
                                possible interest I could take in you would be to hit you on the
                                head with a stool, paint your face with blood, and make a fool out
                                of you.May the good Lord keep me safe from all women like her!Me too, Lord!
(speaking so that only LUCENTIO
                                can hear) Wow! This’ll be
                                fun to watch! This girl is either completely crazy or incredibly
                                willful.
(speaking so that only TRANIO
                                can hear) But her sister seems quiet
                                and well behaved, as a young girl should be. Shhh, Tranio.