
(aside to
                                LUCENTIO) Well said, master. Mum, and
                                gaze your fill.
(to GREMIO
                                and
                                HORTENSIO)
Gentlemen, that I may soon make goodWhat I have said—Bianca, get you in,And let it not displease thee, good Bianca,For I will love thee ne'er the less, my girl.A pretty peat! It is bestPut finger in the eye, an she knew why.Sister, content you in my discontent.—Sir, to your pleasure humbly I subscribe.My books and instruments shall be my company,On them to look and practice by myself.Hark, Tranio! Thou may’st hear Minerva speak.Signior Baptista, will you be so strange?Sorry am I that our goodwill effectsBianca’s grief.Why will you mew her up,Signior Baptista, for this fiend of hellAnd make her bear the penance of her tongue?Gentlemen, content ye. I am resolved.—Go in, Bianca.#LBSFORGOLD
(speaking so that only LUCENTIO
                                can hear) Indeed, master.
                                Let’s keep quiet and watch.
(to GREMIO
                                and
                                HORTENSIO) Gentlemen, since
                                I’d like to make good on what I’ve
                                said—Bianca, go inside. And don’t be unhappy,
                                my dear. Whatever happens, you know I’ll never love you
                                less.What a spoiled little brat. She’d make herself cry now,
                                if she could think of a reason.Sister, be happy in my unhappiness.—Sir, I will humbly
                                obey you. I’ll take comfort in my books and music, reading
                                and practicing my instruments.Listen Tranio! That’s Minerva’sMinerva was the Roman goddess of wisdom. (In Greek mythology, she is called Athena.)Minerva’s voice you hear.Signior Baptista, will you really be this cruel? I regret that our
                                goodwill should cause Bianca unhappiness.Why are you locking her away because of this fiend from hell,
                                Signor Baptista? Why does the one daughter have to be punished for
                                the other’s mouth?Gentlemen, I’ve made my decision. That’s all
                                there is to it. Go inside, Bianca.