And for I know she taketh most delightIn music, instruments, and poetry,Schoolmasters will I keep within my house,Fit to instruct her youth. If you, Hortensio,Or, Signior Gremio, you know any such,Prefer them hither, for to cunning menI will be very kind, and liberalTo mine own children in good bringing up.And so farewell.—Katherina, you may stay,For I have more to commune with Bianca.Why, and I trust I may go too, may I not? What, shall I be
                                appointed hours as though, belike, I knew not what to take and what
                                to leave, ha?You may go to the devil’s dam! Your gifts are so good
                                here’s none will hold you.—Their love is not so
                                great, Hortensio, but we may blow our nails together and fast it
                                fairly out. Our cake’s dough on both sides. Farewell. Yet
                                for the love I bear my sweet Bianca, if I can by any means light on
                                a fit man to teach her that wherein she delights, I will wish him to
                                her father.So will I, Signior Gremio. But a word, I pray. Though the nature
                                of our quarrel yet never brooked parle, know now upon advice, it
                                toucheth us both, that we may yet again have access to our fair
                                mistress and be happy rivals in Bianca’s love, to labor and
                                effect one thing specially.#LBSFORGOLDAnd because I know how fond she is of music, playing her
                                instruments, and poetry, I plan to hire live-in tutors for her. If
                                either of you gentlemen knows anyone who would be suitable for the
                                job, send him to me. I’ll pay well for good teachers. I
                                don’t stint when it comes to educating my children.
                                Goodbye, gentlemen. Katherina, you may stay. I have things to
                                discuss with Bianca.Stay out here? I don’t think so! Am I to be dictated to,
                                like a child? Told when to come and where to go? No.You can go straight to hell! What you have to offer is nothing
                                anyone wants. Hortensio, our desire to be married isn’t so
                                great that we can’t wait this out patiently. It’s
                                tough on both of us, but I guess we’ll live. So long. But
                                to prove my love for Bianca, I’m going to see if I can find
                                a good tutor to give her lessons in the things she enjoys. If I do,
                                I’ll send him to her father.I’ll do the same. But wait—don’t go
                                just yet, Signior Gremio. I know we’ve never exactly been
                                allies, but it might be in both our interests, if you think about
                                it, to put our heads together about one particular thing. That is,
                                if we ever want to return to being rivals for Bianca’s
                                love.