What’s that, I pray?Marry, sir, to get a husband for her sister.A husband? A devil!I say a husband.I say a devil. Think’st thou, Hortensio, though her
                                father be very rich, any man is so very a fool to be married to
                                hell?Tush, Gremio. Though it pass your patience and mine to endure her
                                loud alarums, why, man, there be good fellows in the world, an a man
                                could light on them, would take her with all faults, and money
                                enough.I cannot tell. But I had as lief take her dowry with this
                                condition: to be whipped at the high cross every morning.Faith, as you say, there’s small choice in rotten apples.
                                But come, since this bar in law makes us friends, it shall be so far
                                forth friendly maintained till by helping Baptista’s eldest
                                daughter to a husband we set his youngest free for a husband, and
                                then have to ’t afresh. Sweet Bianca! Happy man be his
                                dole! He that runs fastest gets the ring. How say you, Signior
                                Gremio?I am agreed, and would I had given him the best horse inv Padua to
                                begin his wooing that would thoroughly woo her, wed her, and bed
                                her, and rid the house of her! Come on.#LBSFORGOLDAnd that would be—?To find a husband for her sister.A husband? You mean a devil!I mean a husband.I say a devil. Do you really think there’s a man fool
                                enough to marry into hell—however rich the father
                            is?Oh, I don’t know. Just because we wouldn’t want
                                to put up with her tantrums, that doesn’t mean there
                                aren’t guys who would, if we could find them. Guys
                                who’d take her with all her faults, provided there were
                                enough money involved.I don’t know. All I know is
                                I’d rather endure a public
                                whipping every morning than put up with her—even with a
                                big dowry.The two choices are about equal, it’s true. But come,
                                since we must be friends in the face of this new obstacle,
                                let’s work together to find a husband for
                                Baptista’s elder daughter, and thus free his younger
                                daughter to have a husband, too. Then we can go back to fighting
                                with each other. Happy the man that claims you, sweet Bianca! And
                                may the best man win. What do you say, Signior Gremio?Agreed. This imaginary suitor for
                                Katherina—I’d buy him the best horse in Padua
                                if he’d get here quickly, woo her, marry her, take her to
                                bed, and rid the house of her. Let’s go.