Huntsman, I charge thee, tender well my hounds.Breathe Merriman, the poor cur is embossed,And couple Clowder with the deep-mouthed brach.Saw’st thou not, boy, how Silver made it goodAt the hedge corner, in the coldest fault?I would not lose the dog for twenty pound.Why, Belman is as good as he, my lord.He cried upon it at the merest loss,And twice today picked out the dullest scent.Trust me, I take him for the better dog.Thou art a fool. If Echo were as fleet,I would esteem him worth a dozen such.But sup them well and look unto them all.Tomorrow I intend to hunt again.I will, my lord.What’s here? One dead, or drunk? See, doth he
                            breathe?He breathes, my lord. Were he not warmed with ale,This were a bed but cold to sleep so soundly.O monstrous beast, how like a swine he lies!Grim death, how foul and loathsome is thine image!Sirs, I will practice on this drunken man.What think you: if he were conveyed to bed,Wrapped in sweet clothes, rings put upon his fingers,A most delicious banquet by his bed,And brave attendants near him when he wakes,Would not the beggar then forget himself?#LBSFORGOLDHuntsman, look after my hounds. Let Merriman catch his
                                breath—the poor dog’s foaming at the mouth. And
                                tie up Clowder together with the long-mouthed bitch.
                                (to his page) Did you see, boy, how
                                Silver picked up the scent at the hedge corner, where it was
                                weakest? I wouldn’t part with that dog for twenty
                            pounds.I think Belman is just as good, my lord. He set up a howl when the
                                scent was lost completely and twice picked it up where it was
                                weakest. I swear he’s the better dog.You’re a fool. If Echo were as fast, he would be worth a
                                dozen like Belman. But give them all a good dinner and look after
                                them well. I’ll go hunting again tomorrow, I think.I will, my lord.What’s this? A drunkard or a corpse? Check and see if
                                he’s breathing.He is, my lord. But this would be too cold a place to sleep if he
                                hadn’t warmed himself with ale.It’s disgusting, sleeping that way—like a pig
                                in the gutter! Alas, grim death, how vile and ugly your near-twin,
                                sleep, is! Gentlemen, I think I’ll play a trick on this
                                lout. What do you think? Say we were to carry him to one of the
                                bedrooms, put fresh clothes on him and rings on his fingers, lay out
                                a wonderful feast by his bed, and have servants in fancy dress near
                                him when he wakes up—wouldn’t the poor tramp be
                                confused?