I pray, sir, tell me, is it possibleThat love should of a sudden take such hold?O Tranio, till I found it to be true,I never thought it possible or likely.But see, while idly I stood looking on,I found the effect of love in idlenessAnd now in plainness do confess to theeThat art to me as secret and as dearAs Anna to the Queen of Carthage was,Tranio, I burn, I pine, I perish, Tranio,If I achieve not this young modest girl.Counsel me, Tranio, for I know thou canst.Assist me, Tranio, for I know thou wilt.Master, it is no time to chide you now.Affection is not rated from the heart.If love have touched you, naught remains but so:
Redime te captum quam queas minimo.
Gramercies, lad, go forward. This contents.The rest will comfort, for thy counsel’s sound.Master, you looked so longly on the maid,Perhaps you marked not what’s the pith of all.Oh yes, I saw sweet beauty in her faceSuch as the daughter of Agenor had,That made great Jove to humble him to her handWhen with his knees he kissed the Cretan strand.#LBSFORGOLDSir, is it possible that a person could fall in love so
                            suddenly?Oh, Tranio, until it happened to me, I never would have thought it
                                possible. But now I confess it openly to you, Tranio. You are to me
                                what Anna, Dido’sIn Virgil’s Aeneid, Dido queen of Carthage, confessed her secret passion for Aeneas to her sister, Anna.Dido’s sister, was to the Queen of Carthage. I
                                confide in you. I tell you, Tranio, I’m on fire, in agony.
                                I’ll die if I can’t have this modest young girl
                                for my wife. Advise me, Tranio—I know you can. Help me,
                                Tranio—I know you will.
Master, this is no moment to lecture you. The heart won’t
                                be reasoned with. If love has touched you, love has touched
                                you—end of story. But, as the Roman Terence advises, now
                                that you’re a captive, it’s time to buy back your
                                freedom at the lowest possible cost.Yes, you’re right. Please go on. I feel better already,
                                and I know there’s more good advice where that came
                            from.Master, you were so focused on the girl herself, I wonder if you
                                missed the main point here.Oh no! I saw sweetness and beauty in her face of the kind that
                                humbled great JoveJove, or Zeus, king of the gods, fell in love with Europa, a mortal maiden, and changed himself into a bull, carrying a Europa across the sea to Crete, where he raped her.Jove. He saw it in Europa that time she brought him to
                                his knees in Crete.