Saw you no more? Marked you not how her sisterBegan to scold and raise up such a stormThat mortal ears might hardly endure the din?Tranio, I saw her coral lips to moveAnd with her breath she did perfume the air.Sacred and sweet was all I saw in her.
(aside) Nay, then, ’tis
                                time to stir him from his trance.—I pray, awake, sir! If you love the maid,Bend thoughts and wits to achieve her. Thus it stands:Her eldest sister is so curst and shrewdThat till the father rid his hands of her,Master, your love must live a maid at home,And therefore has he closely mewed her up,Because she will not be annoyed with suitors.Ah, Tranio, what a cruel father’s he!But art thou not advised, he took some careTo get her cunning schoolmasters to instruct her?Ay, marry, am I, sir; and now ’tis plotted!I have it, Tranio!   Master, for my hand,Both our inventions meet and jump in one.Tell me thine first.   You will be schoolmasterAnd undertake the teaching of the maid:That’s your device.   It is. May it be done?#LBSFORGOLDThat’s all you noticed? You missed the part where her
                                sister began to scold her and made such a ruckus that human ears
                                could hardly stand it?
Tranio, I saw her coral-pink lips move and perfume the air with
                                her breath. I saw nothing in her except what is virtuous and
                            lovely.
(to the audience) I think
                                it’s time to rouse him from his trance.—Wake
                                up, sir! If you love the girl, it’s time to figure out how
                                to win her. The way things stand, her older sister is so bitchy and
                                difficult that the father can’t wait to get rid of her. But
                                until he does, your sweetheart is grounded, locked up at home and
                                not allowed any suitors.Oh, Tranio, what a cruel father he is. Still, did you notice how
                                ready he was to hire good tutors for her?I did—and now I’ve got it!Tranio, I think I’ve got it!I’ll bet we’re both thinking the same thing,
                                master.Tell me your idea first.You will pretend to be a schoolmaster and offer to teach the girl.
                                Is that your plan?It is. Do you think it would work?