Not possible. For who shall bear your partAnd be in Padua here Vincentio’s son,Keep house and ply his book, welcome his friends,Visit his countrymen and banquet them?
Basta, content thee, for I have it
                                full.We have not yet been seen in any house,Nor can we be distinguished by our facesFor man or master. Then it follows thus:Thou shalt be master, Tranio, in my stead,Keep house and port and servants as I should.I will some other be, some Florentine,Some Neapolitan, or meaner man of Pisa.'Tis hatched, and shall be so. Tranio, at onceUncase thee. Take my colored hat and cloak.When Biondello comes, he waits on thee,But I will charm him first to keep his tongue.Where have I been? Nay, how now, where are you? Master, has my
                                fellow Tranio stolen your clothes? Or you stolen his? Or both? Pray,
                                what’s the news?Sirrah, come hither: ’tis no time to jest,And therefore frame your manners to the time.Your fellow Tranio here, to save my life,Puts my apparel and my countenance on,And I for my escape have put on his;For in a quarrel since I came ashoreI killed a man and fear I was descried.Wait you on him, I charge you, as becomes,While I make way from hence to save my life.You understand me?    Aye, sir.
                                (aside) Ne'er a whit.And not a jot of “Tranio” in your mouth.Tranio is changed into Lucentio.The better for him. Would I were so too.So could I, faith, boy, to have the next wish after,That Lucentio indeed had Baptista’s youngest daughter.But, sirrah, not for my sake, but your master’s, I adviseYou use your manners discreetly in all kind of companies.When I am alone, why then I am Tranio;But in all places else, your master Lucentio.#LBSFORGOLDNo, not a chance. You’re supposed to be here in Padua
                                studying. So who would fill in for you—pretend to be
                                Vincentio’s son, live in his house, pore over his books,
                                welcome his friends, and wine and dine his fellow expatriates from
                                Pisa?Enough! Don’t worry, I have it all figured out. No one
                                has seen us yet, and no one knows what we look
                                like—which of us is master and which servant.
                                It’s obvious: You will be
                                me, Tranio—live in my
                                house, instruct the servants and do everything in my place just as I
                                would. I, meanwhile, will impersonate some other made-up
                                fellow—some guy from Florence or Naples, or some poor
                                guy from Pisa. There! That’s a plan. Take off what
                                you’re wearing and put on my hat and cloak.Here comes Biondello. Where have you been, boy?Where have I been? Where are
                                you? Has Tranio stolen your clothes,
                                master? Or have you stolen his? Have you both stolen each
                                other’s? Please, what’s going on?Come here, boy. It’s no time for jokes: sober up. Tranio
                                and I have traded clothes to save my life. I killed a man in a fight
                                since we came ashore, and I’m worried someone saw me. While
                                I make my escape, I need you to wait on Tranio as though he were me.
                                Understand?Of course, sir. (to the audience)
                                Not a word.And you’re not to utter a syllable of Tranio’s
                                name. “Tranio” is now
                                “Lucentio.”Lucky for him. Wish I could say the same.I’d second your wish if it automatically meant that
                                Lucentio could have Baptista’s youngest daughter. This is
                                for your master’s sake, not mine. So watch your step when
                                there are other people around. When we’re by ourselves you
                                can call me “Tranio.” Everywhere else,
                                address me as your master Lucentio.#LBSFORGOLD