Verona, for a while I take my leave,To see my friends in Padua, but of allMy best belovèd and approvèd friend,Hortensio. And I trow this is his house.Here, sirrah Grumio. Knock, I say.Knock, sir? Whom should I knock? Is there any man has rebused your
                                Worship?Villain, I say, knock me here soundly.Knock you here, sir? Why, sir, what am I, sir, that I should knock
                                you here, sir?Villain, I say, knock me at this gateAnd rap me well, or I’ll knock your knave’s
                                pate.My master is grown quarrelsome. I should knock you first,And then I know after who comes by the worst.Will it not be?Faith, sirrah, an you’ll not knock, I’ll ring
                                it.I’ll try how you can
                                sol, fa, and sing it.Help, mistress, help! My master is mad.#LBSFORGOLDFarewell, Verona! I’m off to visit my friends in
                                Padua—particularly my best friend Hortensio. And I think
                                this is his house. Here, you there, Grumio. Knock.Knock, sir? Whom should I knock? Has anyone offended your
                            Worship?Moron! I’m telling you to make a fist and pound.Really, sir, I hardly think it would be appropriate for me to poundGrumio acts as if Petruchio asked Grumio to hit him.pound
                                 you.Moron, here we are at the gate. Now put your fists to work, or
                                I’ll put mine to work on your head!My master is being difficult. If I do as he asks I think I know
                                which one of us will be sorrier—and it’s not
                                going to be him!What are you standing there for! If you won’t knock,
                                I’ll ring—and you’ll be singing along
                                in falsetto!
(to the unseen mistress or master of the house)
                                Help, mistress, help! My master has gone mad.