Now knock when I bid you, sirrah villain.How now, what’s the matter? My old friend Grumio and my
                                good friend Petruchio? How do you all at Verona?Signior Hortensio, come you to part the fray?
Con tutto il cuore, ben trovato,
                                may I say.Alla nostra casa ben venuto, molto honorato signor mioPetruchio.—Rise, Grumio, rise. We will compound this
                                quarrel.Nay, ’tis no matter, sir, what he 'leges in
                                Latin. If this be not a lawful case for me to leave his
                                service—look you, sir: he bid me knock him and rap him
                                soundly, sir. Well, was it fit for a servant to use his master so,
                                being perhaps, for aught I see, two-and-thirty, a pip out?Whom, would to God, I had well knocked at first,Then had not Grumio come by the worst.A senseless villain, good Hortensio.I bade the rascal knock upon your gateAnd could not get him for my heart to do it.Knock at the gate? O heavens! Spake you not these words plain:
                                “Sirrah, knock me here, rap me here, knock me well, and
                                knock me soundly”? And come you now with
                                “knocking at the gate”?Sirrah, begone or talk not, I advise you.#LBSFORGOLDNext time maybe you’ll knock when I tell you, punk
                            kid!Say, what’s the trouble? If it isn’t my old
                                friend Grumio—and my dear friend Petruchio!
                                How’s everyone in Verona?Hortensio, have you come to break up the fight?
                                
Con tutto il cuore ben trovatoThe Italian means, “With all my heart, I’m glad to see you.”Con tutto il cuore ben trovato, if I
                                may say so.

Alla nostra casa ben venuto, molto honorato signor mio Petruchio!The Italian means, “you are welcome here, my most honerd Signior Petruchio!”Alla nostra casa ben venuto, molto honorato signor mio Petruchio!

                                Get up, Grumio. We’ll settle this quarrel.I don’t care what he told you in Latin. If this
                                isn’t legal justification for me to leave his service, I
                                don’t know what is. He tells me to knock him, pound him,
                                and put my fists to work on him. Well, I ask you, was that any way
                                for a servant to behave toward his master—especially
                                when he’s clearly a bit crazy. I wish I
                                had hit him. I think I’d
                                feel a lot better.He’s a worthless dog, Hortensio. I told him to knock at
                                your gate and for the life of me could not get him to do it.Knock at the gate? Oh, for Pete’s sake! Didn’t
                                you clearly say “Knock,”
                                “pound,” and “put your fists to
                                work”? Now you say it was “Knock at the
                                gate”?Grumio, either leave or shut up. I’m warning you.