Petruchio, patience. I am Grumio’s pledge.Why, this' a heavy chance ’twixt him and you,Your ancient, trusty, pleasant servant Grumio.And tell me now, sweet friend, what happy galeBlows you to Padua here from old Verona?Such wind as scatters young men through the worldTo seek their fortunes farther than at home,Where small experience grows. But in a few,Signior Hortensio, thus it stands with me:Antonio, my father, is deceased,And I have thrust myself into this maze,Happily to wive and thrive as best I may.Crowns in my purse I have and goods at home,And so am come abroad to see the world.Petruchio, shall I then come roundly to theeAnd wish thee to a shrewd, ill-favored wife?Thou’dst thank me but a little for my counsel;And yet I’ll promise thee she shall be rich,And very rich. But thou'rt too much my friend,And I’ll not wish thee to her.Signior Hortensio, ’twixt such friends as weFew words suffice. And therefore, if thou knowOne rich enough to be Petruchio’s wife,As wealth is burden of my wooing dance,Be she as foul as was Florentius' love,As old as Sibyl and as curst and shrewdAs Socrates' Xanthippe, or a worse,She moves me not, or not removes at leastAffection’s edge in me, were she as roughAs are the swelling Adriatic seas.I come to wive it wealthily in Padua;If wealthily, then happily in Padua.#LBSFORGOLDEasy, Petruchio. I’ll vouch for Grumio. It’s
                                terrible—you two fighting! Faithful, funny old Grumio!
                                You guys go way back! Now, my dear friend, what lucky wind blows you
                                in from Verona?The wind that scatters young men throughout the world, encouraging
                                them to seek their fortunes some place other than home, where
                                there’s little to be found in the way of experience. But to
                                be brief, Hortensio, the situation is that my father, Antonio, is
                                dead, and I have set off into this crazy world to see if I can marry
                                well and make a good life for myself. I have money in my purse and
                                property at home, so I’m off to see the world.Petruchio, shall I be frank? I know where you can find a shrewish
                                and unpleasant wife. I doubt you’d thank me in the end, but
                                she’s rich, all right, very rich. But you’re too
                                good a friend for me to wish her on you.Hortensio, good friends like us can get by on a few words. If you
                                can find a woman rich enough for me—because money is all
                                I look for in a wife—let her be as ugly as 
                                Flotentius’sFlotentius was a knight in a medieval poem by Join Gower; he was forced to marry an extremely ugly woman. The Cumaean Sibyl was a mythical prophetess who lived forever. Xanthippe was Socrates notoriously bad-tempered wife.Flotentius’s love, as old as the Sibyl, and as bad-tempered
                                as Xanthippe. It wouldn’t matter one way or the other.
                                I’ve come here in search of a rich wife. If I find a rich
                                wife in Padua, I’ll have found a good wife in Padua.
