
(to
                                HORTENSIO) Nay, look you, sir, he
                                tells you flatly what his mind is. Why, give him gold enough and
                                marry him to a puppet or an aglet-baby, or an old trot with
                                ne'er a tooth in her head, though she have as many diseases
                                as two-and-fifty horses. Why, nothing comes amiss, so money comes
                                withal.Petruchio, since we are stepped thus far in,I will continue that I broached in jest.I can, Petruchio, help thee to a wifeWith wealth enough, and young and beauteous,Brought up as best becomes a gentlewoman.Her only fault, and that is faults enough,Is that she is intolerable curst,And shrewd and froward, so beyond all measureThat, were my state far worser than it is,I would not wed her for a mine of gold.Hortensio, peace. Thou know’st not gold’s
                                effect.Tell me her father’s name, and ’tis enough;For I will board her, though she chide as loudAs thunder when the clouds in autumn crack.Her father is Baptista Minola,An affable and courteous gentleman.Her name is Katherina Minola,Renowned in Padua for her scolding tongue.I know her father, though I know not her,And he knew my deceasèd father well.I will not sleep, Hortensio, till I see her,And therefore let me be thus bold with youTo give you over at this first encounter,Unless you will accompany me thither.#LBSFORGOLD
(to
                                HORTENSIO) He’s certainly
                                frank, isn’t he, sir? Give him enough money and
                                he’ll be happy with a puppet, a paper doll, or a diseased
                                old hag without a tooth in her head. If she’s got money,
                                what does it matter?Petruchio, since the conversation’s gone this far, I may
                                as well carry on with what I mentioned purely as a joke. I can help
                                you find a wife who’s rich, young, beautiful, and reared in
                                a manner fit for a gentlewoman. Her only flaw—and
                                it’s a big one—is that she’s
                                unbearable, a total witch, so much so that I wouldn’t think
                                of marrying her myself, not even if I were in a worse fix than I am,
                                not for a whole goldmine.Hush, Hortensio. You don’t know what money can buy. Tell
                                me her father’s name—that’s all I
                                need. I will go after her even if her scolding is as deafening as
                                thunder in an autumn rainstorm.Her father is Baptista Minola, a pleasant and courteous gentleman.
                                Her name is Katherina Minola, famous throughout Padua for her
                                scolding tongue.I don’t know her, but I know her father and he knew mine
                                well. I won’t sleep until I see her, Hortensio. So I hope
                                you’ll forgive my cutting short this first conversation of
                                ours—unless you want to come with me.