
(to
                                HORTENSIO) I pray you, sir, let him
                                go while the humor lasts. O' my word, an she knew him as
                                well as I do, she would think scolding would do little good upon
                                him. She may perhaps call him half a score knaves or so. Why,
                                that’s nothing; an he begin once, he’ll rail in
                                his rope tricks. I’ll tell you what sir: an she stand him
                                but a little, he will throw a figure in her face and so disfigure
                                her with it that she shall have no more eyes to see withal than a
                                cat. You know him not, sir.Tarry, Petruchio, I must go with thee,For in Baptista’s keep my treasure is.He hath the jewel of my life in hold,His youngest daughter, beautiful Bianca,And her withholds from me and other more,Suitors to her and rivals in my love,Supposing it a thing impossible,For those defects I have before rehearsed,That ever Katherina will be wooed.Therefore this order hath Baptista ta'en,That none shall have access unto BiancaTill Katherine the curst have got a husband.“Katherine the curst!”A title for a maid of all titles the worst.Now shall my friend Petruchio do me grace,And offer me disguised in sober robesTo old Baptista as a schoolmasterWell seen in music, to instruct Bianca,That so I may, by this device at least,Have leave and leisure to make love to herAnd, unsuspected, court her by herself.#LBSFORGOLD
(to
                                HORTENSIO) Please, sir, let him go
                                while he’s in this mood. Lord! If she knew him as well as I
                                do, she’d realize how little effect a scolding has on him.
                                At best she may come up with nine or ten abusive things to call him.
                                That’s nothing. Once he starts on her, he’ll rant
                                and rave on an epic scale. In fact, if she even tries to face him
                                down, he’ll throw out a figure of speech that so disfigures
                                her she’ll have no more eyes to see with than a cat. You
                                don’t know him, sir.Wait, Petruchio, I should go with you. My own
                                “wealth” is in Baptista’s keeping.
                                His youngest daughter, the beautiful Bianca, is the jewel of my
                                life, and he keeps her hidden away from me and other rivals for her
                                hand. Because he finds it so incredible—owing to those
                                character deficiencies I mentioned before—that any man
                                will ever come courting Katherina, Baptista has therefore issued
                                this edict: that none shall be permitted to court Bianca until that
                                Katherine the shrew finds a husband.“Katherine the shrew!” That’s the
                                worst thing you can call a young woman.Now my friend Petruchio will help me out, presenting me to old
                                Baptista as a schoolmaster for Bianca well-versed in music.
                                I’ll disguise myself in somber robes. In this costume,
                                I’ll be able to spend time with her alone, which will give
                                me plenty of opportunity to court her.