Believe me, lord, I think he cannot choose.It would seem strange unto him when he waked.Even as a flatt'ring dream or worthless fancy.Then take him up and manage well the jest.Carry him gently to my fairest chamberAnd hang it round with all my wanton pictures.Balm his foul head in warm distilled watersAnd burn sweet wood to make the lodging sweet.Procure me music ready when he wakes,To make a dulcet and a heavenly sound.And if he chance to speak, be ready straightAnd with a low submissive reverenceSay, “What is it your Honor will command?”Let one attend him with a silver basinFull of rose-water and bestrewed with flowers,Another bear the ewer, the third a diaper,And say, “Will ’t please your Lordship cool
                                your hands?”Someone be ready with a costly suitAnd ask him what apparel he will wear.Another tell him of his hounds and horse,And that his lady mourns at his disease.Persuade him that he hath been lunatic,And when he says he is, say that he dreams,For he is nothing but a mighty lord.This do, and do it kindly, gentle sirs.It will be pastime passing excellentIf it be husbanded with modesty.My lord, I warrant you we will play our partAs he shall think by our true diligenceHe is no less than what we say he is.#LBSFORGOLDI don’t think he’d have any choice, my
                            lord.When he woke, he wouldn’t know where he was.It would be just like a nice daydream or fantasy. Well, take him
                                on up and we’ll try to pull it off. Carry him to my best
                                room—gently, so he doesn’t wake—and
                                hang all my erotic paintings around him. Bathe his filthy head with
                                warm, scented water. Burn fragrant wood to give the room a pleasant
                                smell, and have musicians at hand, ready to produce sweet, soothing
                                sounds when he awakes. You want to be ready in case he speaks. If he
                                does, bow low and say deferentially, “What would your
                                Honor have us do?” Have one servant wait on him with a
                                basin of rosewater (throw in some petals), have another servant
                                carry a pitcher, and a third a cloth. Say, “Would your
                                Lordship care to freshen up?” Have someone standing by
                                with expensive clothes, and ask him what he’d care to wear.
                                Have another servant tell him about the dogs and horses that he owns
                                and that his wife is grief-stricken over his illness. Convince him
                                that he has been out of his mind—and when he says
                                he’s out of his mind now,
                                tell him he’s mistaken and that he is in fact a mighty
                                lord. Do this—make it convincing—and
                                we’ll have fun. It could work if it’s done
                            subtly.My lord, I promise we will play our parts so skillfully that he
                                will believe everything we tell him.