Here’s no knavery! See, to beguile the old folks, how the
                                young folks lay their heads together!Master, master, look about you. Who goes there, ha?Peace, Grumio. It is the rival of my love.Petruchio, stand by a while.
(aside) A proper stripling, and an
                                amorous.
(to
                                LUCENTIO) O, very well, I have
                                perused the note.Hark you, sir: I’ll have them very fairly bound,All books of love. See that at any hand,And see you read no other lectures to her.You understand me. Over and besideSignior Baptista’s liberality,I’ll mend it with a largess. Take your paper too.And let me have them very well perfum’dFor she is sweeter than perfume itselfTo whom they go to. What will you read to her?
(as
                                CAMBIO) Whate'er I read to
                                her, I’ll plead for youAs for my patron, stand you so assured,As firmly as yourself were still in place,Yea, and perhaps with more successful wordsThan you, unless you were a scholar, sir.O this learning, what a thing it is!#LBSFORGOLDOh, very nice! See how the young
                                folks conspire to fool the old folks!Master, master, look! Who are these people?Hush, Grumio. It is my rival for Bianca. Petruchio, let’s
                                stand over here awhile.
(to the audience, indicating old
                                GREMIO) Check out this stud! What a
                                heartthrob!
(to
                                LUCENTIO) Oh, all right,
                                I’ve reviewed the list of books. But listen: I want them
                                very handsomely bound—only books of love, make sure of
                                that in any case. And see that you give her no other lessons. Do I
                                make myself clear? Over and above what Signior Baptista pays you,
                                I’ll tack on a bonus. Take these notes, too. And make sure
                                they’re pleasantly perfumed. The lady they are meant for is
                                sweeter than perfume itself. What are you planning to read
                            her?
(speaking as
                                CAMBIO) Whatever I read her, you can
                                be sure that I’ll plead the case for your love as strongly
                                as if you yourself stood there before her—and perhaps
                                even a bit more successfully than you would do, sir, seeing as
                                you’re not a scholar.Oh, what an excellent thing this learning is!