
(aside) O this woodcock, what an
                                ass it is!
(aside) Peace, sirrah!
(aside) Grumio, mum! God save you,
                                Signior Gremio.And you are well met, Signior Hortensio.Trow you whither I am going? To Baptista Minola.I promised to enquire carefullyAbout a schoolmaster for the fair Bianca,And by good fortune I have lighted wellOn this young man, for learning and behaviorFit for her turn, well read in poetryAnd other books—good ones, I warrant ye.'Tis well. And I have met a gentlemanHath promised me to help me to another,A fine musician to instruct our mistress.So shall I no whit be behind in dutyTo fair Bianca, so beloved of me.Beloved of me, and that my deeds shall prove.
(aside) And that his bags shall
                                prove.Gremio, ’tis now no time to vent our love.Listen to me, and if you speak me fair,I’ll tell you news indifferent good for either.#LBSFORGOLD
(speaking to the audience) Oh, what
                                an asinine thing this moron is!
(speaking so that only GRUMIO
                                can hear) Silence, boy!
(speaking so that only GRUMIO
                                can hear) Grumio, hush!
                                (to
                                GREMIO, who can’t hear him)
                                God save you, Signior Gremio.Good to see you, Signior Hortensio. Do you know where I’m
                                going? To Baptista Minola’s house. I promised to look into
                                schoolmasters for Miss Bianca, and luck has led me to this young
                                man, perfectly suited in learning and fine manners, well read in
                                poetry and other books—all of them good, I assure
                            you.That’s great. And I have met a gentleman who promises to
                                help me find a good music tutor to instruct our lady love. I
                                wouldn’t want to fall behind in my devotion to my beloved
                                Bianca.
My beloved—as my
                                actions will prove.
(speaking to the audience) As his
                                moneybags will prove.Gremio, this is no time to compete over how deeply we love Bianca.
                                Be nice and listen to me a moment, and I’ll give you a
                                piece of news that’s equally good for both of us.