
(presenting
                                PETRUCHIO)
Here is a gentleman whom by chance I met,Upon agreement from us to his liking,Will undertake to woo curst Katherine,Yea, and to marry her, if her dowry please.So said, so done, is well.Hortensio, have you told him all her faults?I know she is an irksome brawling scold.If that be all, masters, I hear no harm.No? Say’st me so, friend? What countryman?Born in Verona, old Antonio’s son.My father dead, my fortune lives for me.And I do hope good days and long to see.O sir, such a life with such a wife were strange!But if you have a stomach, to ’t, i'
                                God’s name:You shall have me assisting you in all.But will you woo this wildcat?     Will I
                                live?Will he woo her? Ay, or I’ll hang her.Why came I hither but to that intent?Think you a little din can daunt mine ears?Have I not in my time heard lions roar?Have I not heard the sea, puffed up with winds,Rage like an angry boar chafèd with sweat?Have I not heard great ordnance in the field,And heaven’s artillery thunder in the skies?#LBSFORGOLD
(presenting
                                PETRUCHIO) Here is a gentleman I
                                happened to meet who, if we can come to an arrangement that would be
                                to his liking, is willing to undertake to woo fierce
                                Katherine—yes, even willing to marry her, if the price
                                is right.That’s good, if he’ll really do it. Have you
                                told him all her faults, Hortensio?I know she is a hateful, brawling scold. If that’s all,
                                gentlemen, I see no problem.No? Tell me, friend. Where are you from?Born in Verona. I’m old Antonio’s son. My
                                father’s dead, and his fortune is mine now. I hope to see
                                good days—and many of them.Sir, such a life with such a wife is unlikely! But if you have the
                                stomach for it, you’ll have all the help from me you need.
                                Do you really mean to go after this wildcat?Do I mean to go on breathing?He’ll woo her or I’ll hang her.Why did I come here if not for that? Do you think a little burst
                                of noise can intimidate me—I, who have heard lions roar?
                                I, who have survived storms at sea where the winds raged like wild
                                animals? I, who have heard the rumble of guns in
                                battle—and thunder in the sky (heaven’s version
                                of artillery).