Have I not in a pitchèd battle heardLoud 'larums, neighing steeds, and trumpets'
                                clang?And do you tell me of a woman’s tongueThat gives not half so great a blow to hearAs will a chestnut in a farmer’s fire?Tush, tush! Fear boys with bugs.For he fears none.Hortensio, hark.This gentleman is happily arrived,My mind presumes, for his own good and ours.I promised we would be contributorsAnd bear his charge of wooing, whatsoe'er.And so we will, provided that he win her.I would I were as sure of a good dinner.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Gentlemen, God save you. If
                                I may be bold,Tell me, I beseech you, which is the readiest wayTo the house of Signior Baptista Minola?He that has the two fair daughters—is ’t he
                                you mean?
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Even he, Biondello.Hark you, sir, you mean not her to—#LBSFORGOLDHave I not stood in the middle of a battle, with loud calls to
                                arms, horses neighing, and trumpets sounding all around me? And you
                                worry how I’ll react to a woman’s tongue, which
                                isn’t even as loud as the
                                pop! of a chestnut roasting in some
                                farmer’s oven? Please. Scare children with your
                            bugaboos.Because he’s not afraid of them.Listen, Hortensio. I think this gentleman’s arrival could
                                be most fortunate—both for himself and for us.I promised him that we would all chip in and take care of the
                                wooing expenses, whatever they come to.Absolutely—so long as he gets the girl.I wish I could be as certain of a good dinner.
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) Greetings, gentlemen. May I
                                be so bold as to ask the fastest way to Signior Baptista
                                Minola’s house?The old man with the two pretty daughters? Is that the man you
                                want?
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) The very one,
                            Biondello.Pardon, sir, I hope you’re not looking for the
                                daughter—