
(as
                                LUCENTIO)
Perhaps him and her, sir. What have you to do?Not her that chides, sir, at any hand, I pray.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) I love no chiders, sir.
                                Biondello, let’s away.
(aside) Well begun, Tranio.    Sir, a word ere
                                you go.Are you a suitor to the maid you talk of, yea or no?An if I be, sir, is it any offense?No, if without more words you will get you hence.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Why, sir, I pray, are not
                                the streets as free For me as for you?   But so is not she.For what reason, I beseech you?For this reason, if you’ll know:That she’s the choice love of Signior Gremio.That she’s the chosen of Signior Hortensio.Softly, my masters. If you be gentlemen,Do me this right: hear me with patience.Baptista is a noble gentleman,To whom my father is not all unknown,And were his daughter fairer than she is,She may more suitors have, and me for one.#LBSFORGOLD
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) I might be looking for both
                                the daughter and her father. What’s it to you?But not the woman who scolds, anyway, I hope.
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) I’m not a fan of
                                scolds, my friend. Come, Biondello.
(speaking quietly) Nice work,
                                Tranio!Sir, a word before you go. Are you a suitor to the girl we speak
                                of, yes or no?What if I am? Is there a problem?Not if you go away, there isn’t.
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) Well, it seems to me that
                                the streets are as much mine as yours.But she isn’t.And why is that, please?Because, if you must know, she’s been chosen by Signior
                                Gremio.Because she’s been chosen by Signior Hortensio.Wait a minute, gentlemen. Be good enough to hear me out. Baptista
                                is a noble gentleman—one to whom my father is not
                                completely unknown—and lovely as his daughter is, she is
                                entitled to any number of suitors—myself among
                            them.