Fair Leda’s daughter had a thousand wooers;Then well one more may fair Bianca have.And so she shall. Lucentio shall make one,Though ParisParis was the Trojan prince who stole Helen from her Greek husband, starting the Trojan War.Paris came in hope to speed alone.What! This gentleman will out-talk us all.
(as
                                CAMBIO) Sir, give him head; I know
                                he’ll prove a jade.Hortensio, to what end are all these words?
(to
                                TRANIO) Sir, let me be so bold as ask
                                you,Did you yet ever see Baptista’s daughter?
(as
                                LUCENTIO) No, sir, but hear I do that
                                he hath two,The one as famous for a scolding tongueAs is the other for beauteous modesty.Sir, sir, the first’s for me; let her go by.Yea, leave that labor to great Hercules,And let it be more than Alcides' twelve.
(to
                                TRANIO) Sir, understand you this of
                                me, in sooth:The youngest daughter, whom you hearken for,Her father keeps from all access of suitorsAnd will not promise her to any manUntil the elder sister first be wed.The younger then is free, and not before.#LBSFORGOLDThe beautiful Helen of Troy had a thousand suitors. Let Bianca
                                have one more—anyway, she’s got one. Lucentio
                                shall join the ranks, even if Paris himself comes to woo her.This fellow will out-talk us all.
(speaking as
                                CAMBIO) Well, let him. He’ll
                                talk himself out, soon.Hortensio, what’s all this about?
(to
                                TRANIO) Forgive me for asking, but
                                have you ever actually seen Baptista’s daughter?
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) No, but I hear he has two,
                                the one as famous for her scolding tongue as the other is for her
                                modesty and beauty.The first one’s mine, so hands off!Yes, leave that labor to great Hercules—it’s
                                worse than the previous twelve put together.
(to
                                TRANIO) Sir, let me be clear. As far
                                as the youngest daughter, the one you were asking about, is
                                concerned, the father refuses any suitors access to her. He will not
                                promise her to any man until the elder sister is married. Then and
                                only then will the younger be free to marry.