
(as
                                LUCENTIO) If it be so, sir, that you
                                are the manMust stead us all, and me amongst the rest,And if you break the ice and do this feat,Achieve the elder, set the younger freeFor our access, whose hap shall be to have herWill not so graceless be to be ingrate.Sir, you say well, and well you do conceive.And since you do profess to be a suitor,You must, as we do, gratify this gentleman,To whom we all rest generally beholding.
(as
                                LUCENTIO) Sir, I shall not be slack;
                                in sign whereof,Please ye we may contrive this afternoonAnd quaff carouses to our mistress' healthAnd do as adversaries do in law,Strive mightily, but eat and drink as friends.O excellent motion! Fellows, let’s be gone.The motion’s good indeed and be it so.—Petruchio, I shall be your
                                ben venuto.
#LBSFORGOLD
(as
                                LUCENTIO) If that’s the
                                case, then you’re the man to help us, me along with the
                                rest. And if you carry it off and break the ice—win the
                                older and make the younger accessible to us—whoever
                                winds up with her will not be such a boor as to be ungrateful,
                                I’m sure.Sir, that’s well said and well thought out. Now, since
                                you count yourself among Bianca’s suitors, you
                                must—as we already have—pay this gentlemen
                                to whom we are all so indebted.
(speaking as
                                LUCENTIO) I’ll ante up,
                                certainly! And on that note, let’s all pass the time this
                                afternoon drinking rounds to our mistress’s health and
                                following the example of legal adversaries, who fight tooth and nail
                                in court but eat and drink as friends.An excellent motion. Let’s go.I second that motionA motion is a legal maneuver in court.motion. So be it. Petruchio, I’m
                            buying.