Good sister, wrong me not nor wrong yourself,To make a bondmaid and a slave of me.That I disdain. But for these other goods—Unbind my hands, I’ll pull them off myself,Yea, all my raiment to my petticoat,Or what you will command me will I do,So well I know my duty to my elders.Of all thy suitors here I charge thee tellWhom thou lovest best. See thou dissemble not.Believe me, sister, of all the men aliveI never yet beheld that special faceWhich I could fancy more than any other.Minion, thou liest. Is ’t not Hortensio?If you affect him, sister, here I swearI’ll plead for you myself, but you shall have him.Oh, then belike you fancy riches more.You will have Gremio to keep you fair.Is it for him you do envy me so?Nay, then you jest, and now I well perceiveYou have but jested with me all this while.I prithee, sister Kate, untie my hands.#LBSFORGOLDDear sister, it’s unfair to me—and unfair to
                                yourself—to turn me into a slave. That I won’t
                                stand for. But if you want my
                                things—untie my hands and
                                I’ll give them to you myself, everything, even down to my
                                slip. Or anything else you order me to do. I know I should obey my
                                elders.What I want is for you to tell me which of your suitors you like
                                best. And don’t lie.I swear, dear sister, I have not yet encountered that special face
                                I might prefer to any other.You lying brat. It’s Hortensio, isn’t it?If you want him, dear sister, he’s yours. I swear
                                I’ll woo him for you myself.Oh, I see. You’re more interested in money.
                                You’ll live in luxury with Gremio.Is it because of him that you envy
                                me? You must be kidding! And now I see that you’ve been
                                joking all the while. Please, Kate, untie my hands.