If that be jest, then all the rest was so.Why, how now, dame! whence grows this insolence?—Bianca, stand aside.—Poor girl, she weeps!
(to
                                BIANCA) Go ply thy needle; meddle not
                                with her.
(to
                                KATHERINE) For shame, thou hilding of
                                a devilish spirit!Why dost thou wrong her that did ne'er wrong thee?When did she cross thee with a bitter word?Her silence flouts me, and I’ll be revenged.What, in my sight?—Bianca, get thee in.What, will you not suffer me? Nay, now I seeShe is your treasure, she must have a husband,I must dance barefoot on her wedding dayAnd, for your love to her, lead apes in hell.Talk not to me. I will go sit and weepTill I can find occasion of revenge.Was ever gentleman thus grieved as I?But who comes here?#LBSFORGOLDIf that’s a joke, I guess
                                the rest was, too.What in the world is going on! (to
                                KATHERINE) Young lady, where do you
                                get the nerve!—(to
                                BIANCA) Get behind me,
                                Bianca.—Poor girl, she’s
                                hysterical!—Go do some sewing. Don’t even talk
                                to her. (to
                                KATHERINE) You monstrous,
                                good-for-nothing fiend! Why would you want to hurt your sister? She
                                never did you any harm! When has she spoken even one cross word to
                                you?She mocks me with her silence, and I’ll get my revenge on
                                her.What, in my presence? How dare you!—Bianca, go
                            inside.You mean you don’t even want to hear my side? Of course!
                                She’s your treasure. She must have a husband and I must
                                dance barefoot on her wedding day. You like her best and so
                                I’ll die an old maid. Don’t talk to me.
                                I’ll just go cry myself sick and think of some way to get
                                back at all of you.Has any man ever had to put up with what I do? Now what?