Good morrow, neighbor Baptista.Good morrow, neighbor Gremio.—God save you,
gentlemen!
And you, good sir. Pray, have you not a daughterCalled Katherina, fair and virtuous?I have a daughter, sir, called Katherina.
(to
                                PETRUCHIO) You are too blunt. Go to
                                it orderly.You wrong me, Signior Gremio. Give me leave.—I am a gentleman of Verona, sir,That hearing of her beauty and her wit,Her affability and bashful modesty,Her wondrous qualities and mild behavior,Am bold to show myself a forward guestWithin your house, to make mine eye the witnessOf that report which I so oft have heard.And, for an entrance to my entertainment,I do present you with a man of mine,
(presenting
                                HORTENSIO, disguised as
                                LITIO)
Cunning in music and the mathematics,To instruct her fully in those sciences,Whereof I know she is not ignorant.Accept of him, or else you do me wrong.His name is Litio, born in Mantua.#LBSFORGOLDGood morning, neighbor Baptista.Good morning, neighbor Gremio. Greetings, gentlemen.And to you, good sir. Tell me, don’t you have a virtuous
                                and lovely daughter named Katherina?I have a daughter named Katherina, sir.
(to
                                PETRUCHIO) You are too blunt.
                                You’re supposed to work up to it.Please, Signior Gremio. Allow me to continue.—I am a
                                gentleman of Verona, sir, who, hearing of your daughter’s
                                beauty and wit, her friendly disposition and bashful modesty, her
                                uncommon virtues and her mild behavior, have taken the liberty of
                                presenting myself as a guest at your house in the hope of seeing for
                                myself if what I’ve heard is true. And, as the price of
                                admission for being received by you, I here present you with a
                                servant of mine. (he presents
                                HORTENSIO, disguised as
                                LITIO). He is expert in the fields of
                                music and mathematics. I thought he might instruct her in those
                                branches of knowledge—of which she is, I gather, no
                                beginner. Be good enough to accept this
                                gift—I’ll be offended if you don’t.
                                His name is Litio, and he comes from Mantua.