You’re welcome, sir, and he for your good sake.But for my daughter Katherine, this I know,She is not for your turn, the more my grief.I see you do not mean to part with her,Or else you like not of my company.Mistake me not. I speak but as I find.Whence are you, sir? What may I call your name?Petruchio is my name, Antonio’s son,A man well known throughout all Italy.I know him well. You are welcome for his sake.Saving your tale, Petruchio, I prayLet us that are poor petitioners speak too.
Bacare, you are marvelous
                            forward.Oh, pardon me, Signior Gremio, I would fain be doing.I doubt it not, sir, but you will curse your wooing.—Neighbor, this is a gift very grateful, I am sure of it. To
                                express the like kindness, myself, that have been more kindly
                                beholding to you than any, freely give unto you this young scholar
                                (presenting
                                LUCENTIO, disguised as
                                CAMBIO) that hath been long studying
                                at Rheims, as cunning in Greek, Latin, and other languages as the
                                other in music and mathematics. His name is Cambio. Pray accept his
                                service.#LBSFORGOLDYou and he are both welcome, sir. As for my daughter Katherine,
                                this much I know: she’s not for
                                you—more’s the pity.I see you don’t intend to part with her—or
                                perhaps you don’t like my company.Don’t misunderstand me, sir. I’m just stating
                                the facts as I see them. Where are you from? What’s your
                                name?My name is Petruchio, son of Antonio, a man well known throughout
                                Italy.I know him well. You are welcome for his sake.With all due respect, Petruchio, give someone else a chance to
                                speak. You’re so
                            aggressive!Forgive me, Signior Gremio, but I’m anxious to get things
                                moving.No doubt, but you may be going about it the wrong
                                way—Neighbor, this gift is very gracious, I’m
                                sure. I myself, who am more indebted to you than anyone, have
                                brought you this young scholar
                                (presenting
                                LUCENTIO, disguised as
                                CAMBIO) who has long studied at RheimsRheims was the site of a renowned university in France.Rheims. He is as expert in Greek, Latin, and other languages as
                                that other man is in music and mathematics. His name is Cambio.
                                Please accept his services.