   Sirrah, lead these gentlemenTo my daughters, and tell them bothThese are their tutors. Bid them use them well.We will go walk a little in the orchard,And then to dinner. You are passing welcome,And so I pray you all to think yourselves.Signior Baptista, my business asketh haste,And every day I cannot come to woo.You knew my father well, and in him me,Left solely heir to all his lands and goods,Which I have bettered rather than decreased.Then tell me, if I get your daughter’s love,What dowry shall I have with her to wife?After my death, the one half of my lands,And, in possession, twenty thousand crowns.And, for that dowry, I’ll assure her ofHer widowhood, be it that she survive me,In all my lands and leases whatsoever.Let specialties be therefore drawn between us,That covenants may be kept on either hand.Ay, when the special thing is well obtained,That is, her love, for that is all in all.Why, that is nothing. For I tell you, father,I am as peremptory as she proud-minded;And where two raging fires meet together,They do consume the thing that feeds their fury.Though little fire grows great with little wind,Yet extreme gusts will blow out fire and all.So I to her and so she yields to me,For I am rough and woo not like a babe.#LBSFORGOLDBoy, take these gentlemen to my daughters, and tell them both they
                                are to be their teachers and to be courteous to them.Let’s take a little walk in the orchard before dinner.
                                You are all most welcome here; please make yourselves at
                            home.Signior Baptista, I’m actually in a bit of a hurry. I
                                can’t make this wooing into a daily thing. You knew my
                                father well; therefore, you know me, the sole heir to all his
                                property and possessions, which I have added to rather than
                                depleted. So, tell me, assuming I win your daughter’s love,
                                what dowry would she bring to the marriage?Twenty thousand crowns now, and half my lands after my
                            death.Fair enough. And on my side, I’ll guarantee that if I die
                                before she does, she shall inherit all my land and the rent from any
                                property I own. Let’s have explicit contracts drawn up to
                                ensure that both sides keep their promises.Certainly, as soon as you’ve gotten the most important
                                thing—her love. That counts for everything.Oh, that’s nothing, believe me, sir. I’m as
                                commanding as she is proud, and when two raging fires meet, they end
                                up consuming the very thing that kindled them. Blow on a fire and
                                all you do is fan the flames. But a great gust of wind will blow the
                                fire out completely. I’m that great gust to her fire.
                                I’m rough, and I don’t woo like a little
                            boy.