And there I stood amazèd for a whileAs on a pillory, looking through the lute,While she did call me “rascal fiddler”And “twangling Jack”; with twenty such
                                vile terms,As had she studied to misuse me so.Now, by the world, it is a lusty wench.I love her ten times more than e'er I did.Oh, how I long to have some chat with her!(to HORTENSIO as LITIO)Well, go with me and be not so discomfited.Proceed in practice with my younger daughter.She’s apt to learn and thankful for good turns.Signior Petruchio, will you go with us,Or shall I send my daughter Kate to you?I pray you do.     I’ll
                                attend her hereAnd woo her with some spirit when she comes.Say that she rail; why then I’ll tell her plainShe sings as sweetly as a nightingale.Say that she frown; I’ll say she looks as clearAs morning roses newly washed with dew.Say she be mute and will not speak a word;Then I’ll commend her volubility,And say she uttereth piercing eloquence.If she do bid me pack, I’ll give her thanks,As though she bid me stay by her a week.If she deny to wed, I’ll crave the dayWhen I shall ask the banns and when be marrièd.But here she comes—and now, Petruchio, speak.#LBSFORGOLDand there I am, dazed, strings around my neck, looking through the
                                sound hole like I was in the stocks, while she calls me
                                “worthless fiddler,” “twanging
                                twerp,” and twenty more hateful names, as though
                                she’d prepared for me by composing a long list of insults
                                to use on my behalf.I like this girl! She has real character! Now I want her more than
                                ever. I can’t wait to meet her!
(to
                                HORTENSIO, disguised as
                                LITIO) All right, come with me.
                                Don’t be discouraged. Continue your lessons with my younger
                                daughter. She’s quick to learn and responsive. Signior
                                Petruchio, will you come with us, or shall I send my daughter Kate
                                to you?Please do.I’ll wait for her here and when she comes I’ll
                                take a novel approach with her. If she rants, I’ll tell her
                                that she sings as sweetly as a nightingale. If she glares,
                                I’ll say her brow is as clear as roses newly washed with
                                morning dew. If she is silent and won’t speak at all,
                                I’ll praise her chattiness and say she speaks with piercing
                                eloquence. If she orders me to go, I’ll thank her warmly as
                                if she’d just offered to put me up for a week. If she
                                refuses my proposal, I’ll tell her how much I’m
                                looking forward to the announcement and the wedding. But here she
                                comes. Here goes!