Good morrow, Kate—for that’s your name, I
                                hear.Well have you heard, but something hard of hearing.They call me Katherine that do talk of me.You lie, in faith, for you are called plain Kate,And bonny Kate, and sometimes Kate the curst,But Kate, the prettiest Kate in Christendom,Kate of Kate Hall, my super-dainty Kate—For dainties are all Kates—and therefore, Kate,Take this of me, Kate of my consolation:Hearing thy mildness praised in every town,Thy virtues spoke of, and thy beauty sounded—Yet not so deeply as to thee belongs—Myself am moved to woo thee for my wife.“Moved,” in good time. Let him that moved
                                you hitherRemove you hence. I knew you at the firstYou were a moveable.    Why,
                                what’s a moveable?A joint stool.   Thou hast hit it. Come, sit on
                                me.Asses are made to bear, and so are you.Women are made to bear, and so are you.#LBSFORGOLDGood morning, Kate, for I hear that’s what
                                you’re called.Is that what you’ve heard? Then you’d better get
                                your ears checked. I am called Katherine by those who have any
                                business using my name.Liar. In fact, you’re called Kate, plain
                                Kate—and pretty Kate, and sometimes Kate the shrew. But
                                it’s definitely Kate—the prettiest Kate in the
                                world, Katie, Kitty, Kat-woman, the Kate-ster—and so,
                                Kate, here’s my pitch: that having heard your charming
                                disposition praised—not to mention your beauty and your
                                virtues, though none of them as richly as you deserve—I
                                find myself driven to propose. I want you for my wife.“Driven?” Really? Well, let whoever drove
                                you here drive you back again. I had you figured for a piece of
                                furniture.What do you mean by “furniture”?A nice stool.You’re right, actually. Come sit on me.Asses are made for bearing, and so are you.Women are made for bearingA double pun—“to bear,” here, means first “to bear weight” and second “to give birth to children.”bearing, and so are you.