O slanderous world! Kate like the hazel-twigIs straight and slender and as brown in hueAs hazel nuts, and sweeter than the kernels.Oh, let me see thee walk! Thou dost not halt.Go, fool, and whom thou keep’st command.Did ever Dian so become a groveAs Kate this chamber with her princely gait?Oh, be thou Dian, and let her be Kate,And then let Kate be chaste and Dian sportful.Where did you study all this goodly speech?It is extempore, from my mother wit.A witty mother! Witless else her son.Am I not wise?   Yes, keep you warm.Marry, so I mean, sweet Katherine, in thy bed.And therefore, setting all this chat aside,Thus in plain terms: your father hath consentedThat you shall be my wife, your dowry 'greed on,And, will you, nill you, I will marry you.Now, Kate, I am a husband for your turn,For, by this light, whereby I see thy beauty,Thy beauty that doth make me like thee well,Thou must be married to no man but me.For I am he am born to tame you, Kate,And bring you from a wild Kate to a KateConformable as other household Kates.#LBSFORGOLDThe world’s a liar. Kate is as straight and slender as a
                                hazel-twig, her hair as brown as hazelnut shells, and she herself
                                sweeter than the kernels. Take a few steps—I want to see
                                you walk. You don’t limp at all!Get out of here, fool, and give orders to your servants, not
                            me.Did Diana ever beautify a grove as much as Kate beautifies this
                                room with her queenly movements? You be Diana, and let Diana be
                                Kate. Then let Kate be the chaste one, while Diana plays with
                            me.Where do you memorize all this smart talk?I make it up as I go. It’s born of my mother witMother wit = natural intelligence.mother wit.A witty mother! Too bad about the son!Am I not wise?
Enough to keep yourself warm.“Enough wit to keep yourself warm” was a proverbial expression for “stupid.”Enough to keep yourself warm.
Yes, I intend to keep myself warm, sweet Katherine—in
                                your bed. So let’s cut to the chase: your father has
                                consented for you to become my wife. Your dowry is agreed upon, and
                                whether you like it or not, I will marry you. I tell you,
                                I’m the man for you, Kate. I swear by this light, which
                                shows me your beauty—the beauty that makes me love
                                you—that you must be married to no man but me.
                                I’m the man who was born to tame you and change you from a
                                wildcat Kate into a Kate as gentle and domestic as other household
                                Kates.