    No, not much
                                moved.I do not think but Desdemona’s honest.Long live she so. And long live you to think so.And yet how nature, erring from itself—Ay, there’s the point. As, to be bold with you,Not to affect many proposèd matchesOf her own clime, complexion, and degree,Whereto we see in all things nature tends—Foh! One may smell in such a will most rank,Foul disproportions, thoughts unnatural.But—pardon me—I do not in positionDistinctly speak of her, though I may fearHer will, recoiling to her better judgment,May fall to match you with her country forms,And happily repent.    Farewell,
                                farewell.If more thou dost perceive, let me know more.Set on thy wife to observe. Leave me, Iago.My lord, I take my leave. (going)

(aside) Why did I marry? This
                                honest creature doubtlessSees and knows more, much more, than he unfolds.
(returns) My lord, I would I might
                                entreat your honorTo scan this thing no farther. Leave it to time.Although ’tis fit that Cassio have his place,For sure, he fills it up with great ability,Yet, if you please to hold him off awhile,You shall by that perceive him and his means.Note if your lady strain his entertainment#LBSFORGOLDNo, not too upset. I’m sure Desdemona would never cheat
                                on me.I hope she never does! And I hope you keep on thinking she
                                wouldn’t.But still, it’s true that good things can go bad, away
                                from their true natures—That’s the point I’m trying to make. If I
                                can be frank with you, she veered away from her own nature in
                                turning down all those young men from her own country, with her skin
                                color, with her status—everything her nature would have
                                drawn her to—Ugh! You can almost smell the dark and ugly
                                desires inside her, the unnatural
                                thoughts—But—I’m sorry—I
                                didn’t mean to refer to her specifically just now. I only
                                worry that she might snap back to her natural taste in men one day,
                                and compare you unfavorably to other Italians.Goodbye, goodbye. If you see anything else, let me know. Tell your
                                wife to watch her. Leave me alone now, Iago.My lord, I’ll say goodbye now. (beginning to exit)

(to himself) Why did I ever get
                                married? I’m sure this good and honest man sees and knows
                                more, much more, than he’s telling me.
(returning) My lord, please
                                don’t think about this any more. Time will tell.
                                It’s right for Cassio to have his lieutenancy
                                back—he’s very talented. But keep him away for
                                a while, and you’ll see how he goes about getting it
                                back. Notice whether your wife insists on your