Be thou assured, good Cassio, I will doAll my abilities in thy behalf.Good madam, do. I warrant it grieves my husbandAs if the cause were his.Oh, that’s an honest fellow. Do not doubt, Cassio,But I will have my lord and you againAs friendly as you were.    Bounteous madam,Whatever shall become of Michael Cassio,He’s never anything but your true servant.I know ’t, I thank you. You do love my lord.You have known him long, and be you well assuredHe shall in strangeness stand no farther offThan in a polite distance.    Ay, but, lady,That policy may either last so long,Or feed upon such nice and waterish diet,Or breed itself so out of circumstances,That, I being absent and my place supplied,My general will forget my love and service.Do not doubt that. Before Emilia hereI give thee warrant of thy place. Assure thee,If I do vow a friendship, I’ll perform itTo the last article. My lord shall never rest,I’ll watch him tame and talk him out of
                            patience.#LBSFORGOLDI’ll do everything I can for you, Cassio.Please do, madam. My husband’s so upset about
                                Cassio’s problem you’d think it was his
                            own.Your husband’s such a good man. Don’t worry,
                                Cassio. I’m sure you and my husband will be as friendly
                                as you were before.My dear beautiful lady, whatever happens to Michael Cassio,
                                he’ll always be your humble servant.I know that. Thank you. You’re my husband’s
                                friend and you’ve known him a long time. I assure you the
                                only reason he’s keeping away from you now is
                            political.Yes, my lady. But those political considerations might last such a
                                long time that the general will forget my love and service,
                                especially if I’m gone and someone else has my
                            job.That’ll never happen. Emilia here will be my witness: I
                                promise you that you’ll get your position back again. And
                                if I promise to help someone, I do everything I can. My husband will
                                never get a moment’s rest, I’ll keep him up at
                                night talking about you until he runs out