    Is ’t
                                come to this?Make me to see ’t, or at the least so prove itThat the probation bear no hinge nor loopTo hang a doubt on, or woe upon thy life!My noble lord—If thou dost slander her and torture me,Never pray more. Abandon all remorse.On horror’s head horrors accumulate,Do deeds to make heaven weep, all earth amazed,For nothing canst thou to damnation addGreater than that.  Oh, grace! Oh, heaven forgive me!Are you a man? Have you a soul or sense?God buy you, take mine office. O wretched foolThat lov’st to make thine honesty a vice!O monstrous world! Take note, take note, O world,To be direct and honest is not safe.I thank you for this profit, and from henceI’ll love no friend, sith love breeds such
                            offence.Nay, stay. Thou shouldst be honest.I should be wise, for honesty’s a foolAnd loses that it works for.    By the world,I think my wife be honest and think she is not.I think that thou art just and think thou art not.I’ll have some proof. Her name, that was as freshAs Dian’s visage, is now begrimed and blackAs mine own face. If there be cords or knives,Poison, or fire, or suffocating streams,I’ll not endure it. Would I were satisfied!#LBSFORGOLDHas it come to this?Show me, or at least prove it beyond the shadow of a doubt. If you
                                can’t, your life is worthless!My noble lord—If you’re slandering her just to torture me, then
                                it’ll be no use to pray for mercy or say
                                you’re sorry. You might as well go ahead and commit every
                                unspeakable crime you can think of, because there’s
                                nothing you could that would top what you’ve already
                                done!Oh, heaven help me! Aren’t you a rational human being?
                                Don’t you have any sense at all? Goodbye. I resign my
                                official position. I’m such an idiot for always telling
                                the truth! What a horrible world we live in! Listen, pay attention,
                                everybody. It’s not safe to be straightforward and
                                honest. I’m glad you’ve taught me this
                                valuable lesson. From now on, I’ll never try to help a
                                friend when it hurts him so much to hear the truth.No, stop. You should always be honest.I should always be wise. Honesty’s stupid, it makes me
                                lose my friends even when I’m trying to help them.I swear, I think my wife’s faithful, and I think
                                she’s not. I think you’re trustworthy one
                                minute and then not the next. I need proof! Her reputation was as
                                pure as the snow, but now it’s as dirty and black as my
                                own face. As long as there are ropes, knives, poison, fire, or streams to drown inBy referring to instruments of death, Othello implies that he wants to commit either suicide or murderropes, knives, poison, fire, or streams to drown in , I won’t stand for this. Oh, how I
                                wish I knew the truth!