
(advancing) How shall I murder him,
                                Iago?Did you perceive how he laughed at his vice?O Iago!And did you see the handkerchief?Was that mine?Yours by this hand. And to see how he prizes the foolish woman
                                your wife! She gave it him, and he hath given it his whore.I would have him nine years a-killing. A fine woman! A fair woman!
                                A sweet woman!Nay, you must forget that.Ay, let her rot and perish and be damned tonight, for she shall
                                not live. No, my heart is turned to stone. I strike it and it hurts
                                my hand. Oh, the world hath not a sweeter creature, she might lie by
                                an emperor’s side and command him tasks.Nay, that’s not your way.Hang her! I do but say what she is. So delicate with her needle,
                                an admirable musician. Oh, she will sing the savageness out of a
                                bear! Of so high and plenteous wit and invention!She’s the worse for all this.#LBSFORGOLD
(coming forward) How should I
                                murder him, Iago?Did you see how he laughed about sleeping with her?Oh Iago!And did you see the handkerchief?Was it mine?It was yours, I swear. And do you see how much your foolish wife
                                means to him? She gave it to him, and he gave it to his
                            whore.I wish I could keep killing him for nine years straight. Oh,
                                she’s a fine woman! A fair woman! A sweet woman!No, you have to forget all that now.Yes, let her die and rot and go to hell tonight. She
                                won’t stay alive for long. No, my heart’s
                                turned to stone—when I hit it, it hurts my hand. Oh, the
                                world never saw a sweeter creature. She could be married to an
                                emperor, and he’d be like her slave!But that’s not how you’re going to
                            be.Damn her, I’m just describing her truthfully!
                                She’s so good at sewing, and a wonderful musician. Oh,
                                she could sing a wild bear to sleep! Oh, she’s so witty
                                and creative!All the worse that she stooped this low, then.