Why the cry goes that you shall marry her.Prithee say true!I am a very villain else.Have you scored me? Well.This is the monkey’s own giving out. She is persuaded I
                                will marry her, out of her own love and flattery, not out of my
                                promise.Iago beckons me. Now he begins the story.She was here even now. She haunts me in every place. I was the
                                other day talking on the sea-bank with certain Venetians, and
                                thither comes the bauble and, by this hand, she falls me thus about
                                my neck—Crying “O dear Cassio!” as it were. His
                                gesture imports it.So hangs and lolls and weeps upon me, so shakes, and pulls me! Ha,
                                ha, ha!Now he tells how she plucked him to my chamber. Oh, I see that
                                nose of yours, but not that dog I shall throw it to.Well, I must leave her company.Before me! Look, where she comes.#LBSFORGOLDI swear, there’s a rumor going around that
                                you’ll marry her.You’re kidding!If it’s not true, you can call me a villain.Have you given me bastard children to raise? All right,
                            then.The little monkey must have started that rumor herself. She thinks
                                I’ll marry her because she loves me. She’s
                                just flattering herself. I never promised her anything.Iago is gesturing for me to come closer. Now he’s
                                telling the story.She was here just now. She hangs around me all the time. I was
                                talking to some Venetians down by the shore, and the fool showed up.
                                I swear to you, she put her arms around me like
                            this—Saying, “Oh, Cassio,” it seems, judging by
                                his gestures.She hangs around me and dangles from my neck and cries, shaking me
                                and pulling at me. Ha, ha, ha!Now he’s saying how she took him into our bedroom. Oh,
                                I can see your nose now. But I can’t see the dog
                                I’m going to throw it to.I have to get rid of her.Look out, here she comes.