    What make you from
                                home?How is ’t with you, my most fair Bianca?Indeed, sweet love, I was coming to your house.And I was going to your lodging, Cassio.What, keep a week away? Seven days and nights?Eight score eight hours? And lovers' absent hoursMore tedious than the dial eightscore times!Oh weary reckoning!    Pardon me, Bianca,I have this while with leaden thoughts been pressed,But I shall, in a more continuate time,Strike off this score of absence. Sweet Bianca,
(giving her DESDEMONA’s handkerchief)
Take me this work out.    O Cassio, whence
                                came this?This is some token from a newer friend!To the felt absence now I feel a cause.Is ’t come to this? Well, well.    Go to, woman,Throw your vile guesses in the devil’s teethFrom whence you have them. You are jealous nowThat this is from some mistress, some remembrance.No, in good troth, Bianca.    Why, whose is
                            it?I know not neither, I found it in my chamber.I like the work well. Ere it be demanded,As like enough it will, I would have it copied.Take it and do ’t, and leave me for this time.Leave you! Wherefore?#LBSFORGOLDWhy are you so far from home? How are you, my pretty Bianca? To
                                tell you the truth, I was just going to your house.And I was just going to yours. You’ve kept away from me
                                for a week? Seven days and seven nights? A hundred and sixty-eight
                                hours? And lovers' hours are a hundred and sixty times
                                longer than normal ones! What a tedious wait!I’m sorry, Bianca. All this time I’ve been
                                depressed and had problems on my mind. When I get some free time
                                I’ll make it up to you. (he gives
                                    her DESDEMONA ’s
                                    handkerchief) Sweet Bianca, would you copy this
                                embroidery pattern for me?Oh, Cassio, where did you get this? This is a gift from another
                                woman, a new lover! Now I know why you’ve been staying
                                away from me. Has it come to this? Well, well.Oh, come on, woman. Stop jumping to silly conclusions. Now
                                you’re jealous, thinking that this is from some mistress
                                of mine, but I swear it’s not, Bianca.Well, whose is it?I don’t even know. I found it in my room.
                                It’s pretty. Someone is certainly looking for it, and
                                I’ll have to give it back. So I’d like it
                                copied. Take it and do that for me, and leave me alone for a
                            while.Leave you alone! Why?