Fore heaven, an excellent song.I learned it in England where indeed they are most potent in
			potting. Your Dane, your German, and your swag-bellied
			Hollander—Drink, ho!—are nothing to your
			English.Is your Englishman so expert in his drinking?Why, he drinks you with facility your Dane dead drunk; he sweats
			not to overthrow your Almain. He gives your Hollander a vomit ere
			the next pottle can be filled.To the health of our general!I am for it, lieutenant, and I’ll do you
		    justice.Oh, sweet England!
(sings)

King Stephen was a worthy
			peer,

His breeches cost him but a
			    crown,

He held them sixpence all too
			    dear,

With that he called the tailor
			    lown.

He was a wight of high
			renown,

And thou art but of low
			degree,

'Tis pride that
			    pulls the country down,

Then take thine auld cloak
			    about thee.

Some wine, ho!
Why, this is a more exquisite song than the other.Will you hear ’t again?No, for I hold him to be unworthy of his place that does those
			things. Well, heaven’s above all, and there be souls must
			be saved, and there be souls must not be saved.It’s true, good lieutenant.#LBSFORGOLDMy God, what a great song!I learned it in England, where they have a talent for drinking. The
			Danes, the Germans, and the Dutch—come on, drink,
			drink!—are nothing compared to the English.Are Englishmen really such heavy drinkers?They drink Danes under the table, and it takes them no effort at
			all to out-drink Germans. And the Dutch are vomiting while the
			English are asking for refills.Let’s drink to our general!Hear, hear! I’ll drink as much as you do!Oh, sweet England!
(he sings)
 King Stephen was a good king,
			    and his pants were very cheap, But he thought his tailor
			    overcharged him, so he called him a peasant. And that was a man of noble
			    rank, much higher than you are. So be happy with your worn-out
			    cloak, Since pride is ruining the
			    nation. More wine!
God, that song’s even better than the other one.Do you want to hear it again?No, because we shouldn’t be doing
			that—stuff. Oh well, God’s in charge, and some
			people have to go to heaven, while other people have to go to
		    hell.That’s true, lieutenant.