My lord, this would not be believed in Venice,Though I should swear I saw ’t. 'Tis very
                                much.Make her amends, she weeps.    Oh, devil, devil!If that the earth could teem with woman’s tears,Each drop she falls would prove a crocodile.Out of my sight!I will not stay to offend you.Truly, an obedient lady.I do beseech your lordship, call her back.Mistress!My lord?What would you with her, sir?Who, I, my lord?Ay, you did wish that I would make her turn.Sir, she can turn, and turn, and yet go on,And turn again. And she can weep, sir, weep.And she’s obedient, as you say, obedient,Very obedient.—Proceed you in your tears.—Concerning this, sir—Oh, well-painted
                                passion!—I am commanded home.—Get you away,I’ll send for you anon.—Sir, I obey the
                                mandateAnd will return to Venice.—Hence, avaunt!#LBSFORGOLDMy lord, no one will believe this in Venice, even though
                                I’d swear I saw it with my own eyes. That was too much.
                                You should apologize. She’s crying.Oh, you devil, you devil! You can cry all day and all night, and I
                                still won’t believe you’re sad. Get out of my
                                sight!I wouldn’t want to stay here and make you angry.She’s obedient—a fine lady. Please, my lord,
                                call her back.Madam!My lord?What do you want with her, sir?Who, me?Yes, you asked me to call her back. See how well she can turn? She
                                can turn and turn, and then turn on you again. And she can cry,
                                sir—oh, how she can cry! And she’s obedient,
                                as you say, obedient. Very obedient—keep
                                crying.—Concerning this—oh, what fake
                                emotion!—I am being ordered home—Get away from
                                me, I’ll send for you later.—Sir,
                                I’ll obey the order and return to Venice. Get away from
                                me, you witch!