I could
			never better stead thee than now. Put money in thy purse. Follow
			thou the wars, defeat thy favor with an usurped beard. I say, put
			money in thy purse. It cannot be long that Desdemona should continue
			her love to the Moor—put money in thy
			purse—nor he his to her. It was a violent commencement in
			her, and thou shalt see an answerable sequestration—put
			but money in thy purse. These Moors are changeable in their
			wills—fill thy purse with money. The food that to him now
			is as luscious as locusts shall be to him shortly as bitter as
			coloquintida. She must change for youth. When she is sated with his
			body she will find the errors of her choice. Therefore, put money in
			thy purse. If thou wilt needs damn thyself, do it a more delicate
			way than drowning. Make all the money thou canst. If sanctimony and
			a frail vow betwixt an erring barbarian and supersubtle Venetian be
			not too hard for my wits and all the tribe of hell, thou shalt enjoy
			her. Therefore make money. A pox of drowning thyself!
			'Tis clean out of the way. Seek thou rather to be hanged
			in compassing thy joy than to be drowned and go without her.Wilt thou be fast to my hopes, if I depend on the issue?Thou art sure of me. Go, make money. I have told thee often, and I
			re-tell thee again and again, I hate the Moor. My cause is hearted.
			Thine hath no less reason. Let us be conjunctive in our revenge
			against him. If thou canst cuckold him, thou dost thyself a
			pleasure, me a sport. There are many events in the womb of time
			which will be delivered. Traverse, go, provide thy money. We will
			have more of this tomorrow. Adieu.Where shall we meet i' th' morning?#LBSFORGOLDI’ve never been more useful to you than I will be
			now. Here’s what you’ll do. Sell all your
			assets and your land, and turn it into cash. Desdemona
			can’t continue loving the Moor any more than he can
			continue loving her. She fell in love with him very suddenly, and
			they’ll break up just as suddenly. Moors are moody
			people.—So sell your lands and raise a lot of cash. What
			seems sweet to him now will soon turn bitter. She’ll dump
			Othello for a younger man. When she’s had enough of the
			Moor’s body, she’ll realize her mistake.
			She’ll need to have a new lover. She’ll have
			to have it. So have your money ready. If you want to go to hell,
			there are better ways to do it than killing yourself. Raise all the
			money you can. I can get the better of religion and a few flimsy
			vows between a misguided barbarian and a depraved Venetian girl.
			You’ll get to sleep with her—just put together
			some money. And to hell with drowning yourself! That’s
			completely beside the point. If you’re ready to die, you
			can risk death by committing crimes in an attempt to get the woman
			you want. Don’t just give up on her and drown
		    yourself.Can I count on you if I wait to see what happens?You can trust me. Go now and get cash. I told you before, and
			I’ll tell you again and again: I hate the Moor.
			I’m devoted to my cause of hating him, just as devoted as
			you are to yours. So let’s join forces and get revenge.
			If you seduce Desdemona and make a fool out of him, it’ll
			be fun for both of us. Many things may happen. Go get money.
			We’ll speak again tomorrow. Goodbye.Where will we meet in the morning?