Wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world?Why, would not you?    No, by this
                                heavenly light!Nor I neither, by this heavenly light.I might do ’t as well i' th'
                                dark.Wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world?The world’s a huge thing. It is a great price for a
                                small vice.In troth, I think thou wouldst not.In troth, I think I should, and undo ’t when I had
                                done. Marry, I would not do such a thing for a joint-ring, nor for
                                measures of lawn, nor for gowns, petticoats, nor caps, nor any petty
                                exhibition. But for the whole world? Why, who would not make her
                                husband a cuckold to make him a monarch? I should venture purgatory
                                for ’t.Beshrew me, if I would do such a wrongFor the whole world.Why the wrong is but a wrong i' th' world,
                                and having the world for your labor, ’tis a wrong in your
                                own world, and you might quickly make it right.I do not think there is any such woman.Yes, a dozen, and as many to th' vantage as would store
                                the world they played for.But I do think it is their husbands' faultsIf wives do fall. Say that they slack their duties#LBSFORGOLDWould you ever do such a thing for all the world?Why, wouldn’t you?By the light of heaven, no, I would not!I wouldn’t either, by daylight. It would be easier to
                                do it in the dark.Could you really do such a thing, for all the world?The world’s huge. It’s a big prize for such
                                a small sin.I don’t think you would.Actually I think I would, and then I’d undo it after I
                                did it. I wouldn’t do it for a nice ring, or fine linen,
                                or pretty gowns or petticoats or hats. But for the whole world? Who
                                wouldn’t cheat on her husband to make him king?
                                I’d risk my soul for that.I’d never do such a bad thing, not for the whole
                            world!Why, a bad action is just a wrong in this world, but when
                                you’ve won the whole world, it’s a wrong in
                                your own world, so you can make it right then.I don’t think any woman like that exists.Yes, a dozen of them—as many as there are women in the
                                world, in fact. But I do think it’s the
                                husband’s fault if we wives cheat on them. For instance,
                                our husbands