Reputation, reputation, reputation! Oh, I have lost my reputation!
			I have lost the immortal part of myself, and what remains is
			bestial. My reputation, Iago, my reputation!As I am an honest man, I thought you had received some bodily
			wound. There is more sense in that than in reputation. Reputation is
			an idle and most false imposition, oft got without merit and lost
			without deserving. You have lost no reputation at all unless you
			repute yourself such a loser. What, man, there are ways to recover
			the general again. You are but now cast in his mood, a punishment
			more in policy than in malice, even so as one would beat his
			offenseless dog to affright an imperious lion. Sue to him again and
			he’s yours.I will rather sue to be despised than to deceive so good a
			commander with so slight, so drunken, and so indiscreet an officer.
			Drunk? And speak parrot? And squabble? Swagger? Swear? And discourse
			fustian with one’s own shadow? O thou invisible spirit of
			wine, if thou hast no name to be known by, let us call thee
		    devil!What was he that you followed with your sword? What had he done to
			you?I know not.Is ’t possible?I remember a mass of things, but nothing distinctly. A quarrel,
			but nothing wherefore. Oh, that men should put an enemy in their
			mouths to steal away their brains! That we should, with joy,
			pleasance revel and applause, transform ourselves into
		    beasts!#LBSFORGOLDMy reputation, my reputation! I’ve lost my reputation,
			the longest-living and truest part of myself! Everything else in me
			is just animal-like. Oh, my reputation, Iago, my reputation!I swear I thought you meant you’d been hurt physically.
			Your physical health matters more than your reputation. A reputation
			is a useless and fake quality that others impose on us. You
			haven’t lost it unless you think you have. There are lots
			of ways to get on the general’s good side again.
			You’ve been discharged because he’s angry, and
			because he’s obliged to do so for policy reasons, not
			because he dislikes you. He’s got to beat up the weak to
			frighten the strong. Go to him, petition him. He’ll
			change his mind.I’d rather ask him to hate me than ask such a good
			commander to accept such a worthless, drunk, stupid officer as
			myself. Drunk? Babbling senselessly? Squabbling? Swaggering?
			Swearing? Ranting and raving to my own shadow! Oh, wine is the
			devil!Who were you chasing with your sword? What did he do to
		    you?I don’t know.Is that possible?I remember a jumble of impressions, but nothing distinctly. I
			remember a fight, but not why we were fighting. Oh God, why do men
			drink and lose their minds? Why do we party until we’re
			like animals?