For nature so prepost'rously to err,Being not deficient, blind, or lame of sense,Sans witchcraft could not.Whoe'er he be that in this foul proceedingHath thus beguiled your daughter of herselfAnd you of her, the bloody book of lawYou shall yourself read in the bitter letter,After your own sense, yea, though our proper sonStood in your action.    Humbly I thank
			your grace.Here is the man, this Moor, whom now it seems,Your special mandate for the state affairsHath hither brought.    We are very sorry
			for’t.
(to OTHELLO)What, in your own part, can you say to this?Nothing, but this is so.Most potent, grave, and reverend signiors,My very noble and approved good masters,That I have ta'en away this old man’s
			daughter,It is most true. True, I have married her.The very head and front of my offendingHath this extent, no more. Rude am I in my speech,And little blessed with the soft phrase of peace,For since these arms of mine had seven years' pithTill now some nine moons wasted, they have usedTheir dearest action in the tented field,And little of this great world can I speak,#LBSFORGOLDbeen tricked or drugged, because there’s no way she
			could have made this mistake on her own.Whoever tricked your daughter and stole her from you will pay for
			it. And you yourself will determine the sentence as you see fit, and
			impose the death penalty if you choose to, even if the criminal were
			my own son.I humbly thank you, sir. Here is the man, the Moor. It seems you
			had your own reasons for summoning him here.We’re sorry to hear this.
(to OTHELLO) What do you have to say for yourself?Nothing, but this is true.Noble, honorable gentlemen whom I serve: it’s true that
			I’ve taken this man’s daughter from him and
			married her. But that’s my only offense.
			There’s nothing more. I’m awkward in my speech
			and I’m not a smooth talker. From the time I was seven
			years old until nine months ago I’ve been fighting in
			battles. I don’t know much about the world apart from
			fighting. So I won’t do myself much good by speaking in
			my own defense. But if you’ll let me, I’ll
			tell you the plain