With him? Why, ’tis not possible.Lay thy finger thus, and let thy soul be instructed. Mark me with
			what violence she first loved the Moor, but for bragging and telling
			her fantastical lies. To love him still for prating? Let not thy
			discreet heart think it. Her eye must be fed, and what delight shall
			she have to look on the devil? When the blood is made dull with the
			act of sport, there should be a game to inflame it and to give
			satiety a fresh appetite, loveliness in favor, sympathy in years,
			manners and beauties. All which the Moor is defective in. Now for
			want of these required conveniences, her delicate tenderness will
			find itself abused, begin to heave the gorge, disrelish and abhor
			the Moor. Very nature will instruct her in it and compel her to some
			second choice. Now sir, this granted—as it is a most
			pregnant and unforced position—who stands so eminent in
			the degree of this fortune as Cassio does? A knave very voluble, no
			further conscionable than in putting on the mere form of civil and
			humane seeming, for the better compassing of his salt and most
			hidden loose affection. Why, none, why, none! A slipper and subtle
			knave, a finder of occasions that has an eye, can stamp and
			counterfeit advantages, though true advantage never present itself.
			A devilish knave. Besides, the knave is handsome, young, and hath
			all those requisites in him that folly and green minds look after. A
			pestilent complete knave, and the woman hath found him
		    already.I cannot believe that in her. She’s full of most
			blessed condition.Blessed fig’s-end! The wine she drinks is made of
			grapes. If she had been blessed, she would never have loved the
			Moor. Blessed pudding! Didst thou not see her paddle with the palm
			of his hand? Didst not mark that?#LBSFORGOLDWith Cassio? That’s impossible.Be quiet and listen to me. Remember how she fell madly in love
			with the Moor because he bragged and told her made-up stories? Did
			you expect her to keep on loving him for his chattering?
			You’re too smart to think that. No, she needs someone
			nice-looking. Othello’s ugly, what pleasure could she
			find in him? Lovemaking gets boring after a while. To keep things
			hot, she’ll need to see someone with a handsome face,
			someone close to her in age, someone who looks and acts like her.
			Othello isn’t any of those things. Since he
			doesn’t have these advantages to make him attractive to
			her, she’ll get sick of him until he makes her want to
			puke. She’ll start looking around for a second choice.
			Now, if that’s true—and it’s
			obviously true—who’s in a better position than
			Cassio? He’s a smooth talker, and uses sophistication and
			fine manners to hide his lust. Nobody’s as crafty as he
			is. Besides, he’s young and handsome, and he’s
			got all the qualities that naïve and silly girls go for.
			He’s a bad boy, and Desdemona’s got her eye on
			him already.I can’t believe that. She’s not that kind of
			woman. She’s very moral.Like hell she is! She’s made of the same flesh and
			blood as everyone else. If she were so moral, she would never have
			fallen in love with the Moor in the first place. Good lord! Did you
			notice how she and Cassio were fondling each other’s
			hands? Did you see that?