    I pray you, hear
			her speak.If she confess that she was half the wooer,Destruction on my head if my bad blameLight on the man.—Come hither, gentle mistress.Do you perceive in all this noble companyWhere most you owe obedience?     My
			noble father,I do perceive here a divided duty.To you I am bound for life and education.My life and education both do learn meHow to respect you. You are the lord of duty.I am hitherto your daughter. But here’s my husband.And so much duty as my mother showedTo you, preferring you before her father,So much I challenge that I may professDue to the Moor my lord.   God be with you. I have done.Please it your grace, on to the state affairs.I had rather to adopt a child than get it.—Come hither, Moor.I here do give thee that with all my heartWhich, but thou hast already, with all my heartI would keep from thee. For your sake, jewel,I am glad at soul I have no other child.For thy escape would teach me tyranny,To hang clogs on them.—I have done, my lord.Let me speak like yourself and lay a sentenceWhich, as a grise or step, may help these lovers.When remedies are past, the griefs are endedBy seeing the worst, which late on hopes depended.#LBSFORGOLDPlease let her speak. If she admits she wanted this, then I
			won’t blame Othello.—Come here, my child. Who
			do you obey here?Father, this isn’t easy for me. I’m torn. I
			owe you respect because you gave me life and education.
			You’re the one I have to obey. I’m your
			daughter. But this man here is my husband now, and I owe him as much
			as my mother owed you, just as she preferred you to her own father.
			So I have to give my obedience to the Moor, my husband.I’m finished, then. Duke, please go ahead with your
			state business. I’d rather adopt a child than have one of
			my own.—Come here, Moor. I’m forced to give my
			blessing to this marriage. With all my heart, I give you that thing
			which, if you didn’t already have it, I’d try
			with all my heart to keep from you. Desdemona, I’m glad
			you’re my only child, since if I had others
			I’d keep them all locked up. You would have made me treat
			them like a tyrant.—I’m done, my lord.Let me refer to a proverb that may help you forgive these lovers:
			if you can’t change something, don’t cry about
			it. When you lament something bad that’s already
			happened, you’re setting yourself up for more