Fie, there is no such man. It is impossible.If any such there be, heaven pardon him!A halter pardon him and hell gnaw his bones!Why should he call her “whore”? Who keeps
                                her company?What place? What time? What form? What likelihood?The Moor’s abused by some most villainous knave,Some base notorious knave, some scurvy fellow.O heavens, that such companions thou’dst unfold,And put in every honest hand a whipTo lash the rascals naked through the worldEven from the east to th' west!    Speak within
                            door.Oh, fie upon them! Some such squire he wasThat turned your wit the seamy side withoutAnd made you to suspect me with the Moor.You are a fool. Go to.    Alas Iago,What shall I do to win my lord again?Good friend, go to him. For, by this light of heaven,I know not how I lost him. Here I kneel:If e'er my will did trespass 'gainst his
                                love,Either in discourse of thought or actual deed,Or that mine eyes, mine ears, or any sense,Delighted them, or any other form,Or that I do not yet, and ever did,#LBSFORGOLDNobody’s that bad. It’s impossible.If there is, then heaven help him!A hangman’s noose will help him! Let hell chew him up!
                                Why should he call her a whore? Who’s been with her? When
                                has she had the time, the place, or the means to sleep with anyone?
                                How is this at all likely? The Moor is being tricked by some crook,
                                some terrible villain, some rotten bastard. Oh, I wish we could
                                unmask scoundrels like that, and give a whip to every good man to
                                beat them senseless with!Keep your voice down.Oh, to hell with those people! It’s the same kind of
                                guy who got you upset and made you suspect I’d cheated on
                                you with the Moor.You’re a fool. Shut up.Oh God, Iago, what can I do to win my husband back again? Please
                                go to him, my friend. I swear I have no idea why he stopped loving
                                me. Here I’m kneeling to swear that if I ever did
                                anything to destroy his love for me, either by thoughts or actions,
                                or if I ever took pleasure in anyone else, or if I never did love
                                him, or don’t love him now—even though he
                                tries to shake me off—