    With her, on her,
                                what you will.Lie with her? lie on her? We say “lie on
                                her” when they belie her! Lie with
                                her—that’s fulsome.
                                Handkerchief—confessions—handkerchief! To
                                confess, and be hanged for his labor. First to be hanged, and then
                                to confess—I tremble at it. Nature would not invest
                                herself in such shadowing passion without some instruction. It is
                                not words that shake me thus. Pish! Noses, ears, and lips. Is
                                ’t possible?
                                Confess!—Handkerchief!—Oh,
                            devil!—Work on, My medicine, work! Thus credulous fools are caught,And many worthy and chaste dames even thus,All guiltless, meet reproach.—What, ho! My lord!My lord, I say! Othello!    How now,
                            Cassio!What’s the matter?My lord is fall'n into an epilepsy.This is his second fit. He had one yesterday.Rub him about the temples.    No, forbear.The lethargy must have his quiet course.If not, he foams at mouth and by and byBreaks out to savage madness. Look, he stirs.Do you withdraw yourself a little while,#LBSFORGOLDWith her, on top of her—however you want to say
                            it.In bed with her? On top of her? I would have thought people were
                                telling lies about her rather than believe he was lying on her. My
                                God, it’s nauseating!
                                Handkerchief—confessions—handkerchief!
                                I’ll kill him first, and then let him
                                confess—I’m trembling with rage. I
                                wouldn’t be trembling like this if I didn’t
                                know deep down this was all true. Noses, ears, lips. Is it possible?
                                Tell me the truth—Handkerchief—Damn it!Keep working, poison! This is the way to trick gullible fools.
                                Many good and innocent women are punished for reasons like
                                this.—My lord? My lord, Othello!Hey, Cassio!What’s the matter?Othello’s having some kind of epileptic fit. This is
                                his second fit like this. He had one yesterday.Rub his temples.No, don’t. This fit has to run its course. If you
                                interrupt it, he’ll foam at the mouth and go crazy. Look,
                                he’s moving. Why don’t you go away for a bit?
                                He’ll get