To mourn a mischief that is past and goneIs the next way to draw new mischief on.What cannot be preserved when fortune takes,Patience her injury a mock'ry makes.The robbed that smiles steals something from the thief,He robs himself that spends a bootless grief.So let the Turk of Cyprus us beguile,We lose it not, so long as we can smile.He bears the sentence well that nothing bearsBut the free comfort which from thence he hears.But he bears both the sentence and the sorrowThat, to pay grief, must of poor patience borrow.These sentences to sugar or to gall,Being strong on both sides, are equivocal.But words are words. I never yet did hearThat the bruised heart was piercèd through the ears.I humbly beseech you, proceed to th' affairs of
		    state.The Turk with a most mighty preparation makes for Cyprus. Othello,
			the fortitude of the place is best known to you, and though we have
			there a substitute of most allowed sufficiency, yet opinion, a
			sovereign mistress of effects, throws a more safer voice on you. You
			must therefore be content to slubber the gloss of your new fortunes
			with this more stubborn and boist'rous expedition.The tyrant custom, most grave senators,Hath made the flinty and steel couch of warMy thrice-driven bed of down. I do agnizeA natural and prompt alacrityI find in hardness, and do undertakeThese present wars against the Ottomites.Most humbly therefore bending to your state,#LBSFORGOLDbad news. A robbery victim who can smile about his losses is
			superior to the thief who robbed him, but if he cries
			he’s just wasting time.So if the Turks steal Cyprus from us, it won’t be bad
			as long as we keep smiling. It’s easy to accept
			platitudes like that if you haven’t lost anything. But
			I’ve lost something precious, and I have to put up with
			the platitude as well as suffering my loss. Talk is cheap.
			I’ve never heard of someone feeling better because of
			someone else’s words. Please, I’m asking you,
			go ahead and get back to your state affairs.The Turks are heading for Cyprus with a powerful fleet. Othello,
			you understand better than anyone how the defenses for Cyprus work.
			Even though we have a very good officer in charge there already,
			everyone says you’re the better man for the job. So
			I’ll have to ask you to put a damper on your marriage
			celebrations and take part in this dangerous expedition.I’ve gotten used to the hardships of a military life. I
			rise to the occasion when faced with difficulties. I will take
			charge of this war against the Turks. But I humbly ask you to make
			appropriate arrangements for my wife,