Oh, heavy ignorance! Thou praisest the worst best. But what praise
			couldst thou bestow on a deserving woman indeed, one that in the
			authority of her merit did justly put on the vouch of very malice
			itself?She that was ever fair and never proud,Had tongue at will and yet was never loud,Never lacked gold and yet went never gay,Fled from her wish and yet said “Now I may,”She that being angered, her revenge being nigh,Bade her wrong stay and her displeasure fly,She that in wisdom never was so frailTo change the cod’s head for the salmon’s
			tail,She that could think and ne'er disclose her mind,See suitors following and not look behind,She was a wight, if ever such wights were—To do what?To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.Oh, most lame and impotent conclusion! Do not learn of him,
			Emilia, though he be thy husband. How say you, Cassio? Is he not a
			most profane and liberal counselor?He speaks home, madam. You may relish him more in the soldier than
			in the scholar.(aside) He takes her by the palm.
			Ay, well said, whisper! With as little a web as this will I ensnare
			as great a fly as Cassio. Ay, smile upon her, do, I will gyve thee
			in thine own courtship. You say true, 'Tis so, indeed. #LBSFORGOLDYou don’t know a thing! You give your best praise to
			the worst women. But how would you praise a truly good woman,
			someone who had no reason to worry about what anyone said about
		    her?A woman who was beautiful but never proud, who could speak well
			but knew when to be quiet, who dressed well but was never
			overdressed, who had self-restraint even when she could get what she
			wanted, a woman who never took revenge, who overlooked it when
			people hurt her, who was too wise to do anything stupid, who could
			think without revealing her thoughts, and who could refrain from
			flirting with men in love with her, that kind of woman, if she ever
			existed, would—Would do what?Would raise babies and clip coupons.Oh, that’s pathetic! Don’t listen to him,
			Emilia, even though he’s your husband. What do you think
			about him, Cassio? Isn’t he a horrible man?He speaks bluntly, madam. He’s more of a soldier than a
			wise man.
(to himself) He’s taking
			her hand. That’s right, go ahead and whisper together.
			This is all I need to get Cassio. Yes, keep smiling at her, Cassio. Your fine manners around
			women will be your downfall. Oh, I’m sure
			you’re saying something very clever. 