She did deceive her father, marrying you,And when she seemed to shake and fear your looks,She loved them most.    And so she
                            did.    Why, go to then.She that, so young, could give out such a seeming,To seel her father’s eyes up close as oak,He thought ’twas witchcraft. But I am much to blame.I humbly do beseech you of your pardonFor too much loving you.    I am bound to thee
                                forever.I see this hath a little dashed your spirits.Not a jot, not a jot.    Trust me, I fear
                                it has.I hope you will consider what is spokeComes from my love. But I do see you’re moved.I am to pray you not to strain my speechTo grosser issues nor to larger reachThan to suspicion.I will not.Should you do so, my lord,My speech should fall into such vile successWhich my thoughts aimed not at. Cassio’s my worthy
                                friend—My lord, I see you’re moved.#LBSFORGOLDShe lied to her father to marry you. And when she pretended to be
                                afraid of you, she loved you the most.That’s right, she did.Well, there you go. She was so young, but she deceived her father
                                so thoroughly he thought it was witchcraft! But I’m sorry
                                I’ve blurted all this out. I beg your pardon for loving
                                you too much.I’m indebted to you forever.You seem a little depressed about this.Not at all, not at all.Really, I’m afraid you are. I hope you remember that I
                                said all this because I love you. But I see you’re
                                troubled. Please don’t take what I said more seriously
                                than it deserves to be taken.I won’t.If you take it too seriously, it’ll have bad effects
                                that I didn’t want it to have. Cassio’s a good
                                friend of mine—My lord, I can see you’re
                                upset.