He will recover straight. When he is goneI would on great occasion speak with you.How is it, general? Have you not hurt your head?Dost thou mock me?    I mock you not, by
                                heaven.Would you would bear your fortune like a man!A hornèd man’s a monster and a beast.There’s many a beast then in a populous city,And many a civil monster.Did he confess it?  Good sir, be a man,Think every bearded fellow that’s but yokedMay draw with you. There’s millions now aliveThat nightly lie in those unproper bedsWhich they dare swear peculiar. Your case is better.Oh, ’tis the spite of hell, the fiend’s
                                arch-mock,To lip a wanton in a secure couch,And to suppose her chaste. No, let me know,And knowing what I am, I know what she shall be.Oh, thou art wise! 'Tis certain.    Stand you awhile
                                apart,Confine yourself but in a patient list.Whilst you were here o'erwhelmèd with your
                                grief—A passion most resulting such a man—Cassio came hither. I shifted him awayAnd laid good ’scuses upon your ecstasy,#LBSFORGOLDbetter right away. When he leaves, it’s very important
                                that I talk to you.What happened, general? Did you hit your head?Are you making fun of me?Making fun of you? No, I swear! I wish you could face your bad
                                news like a man!A man who’s been cheated on isn’t a real
                                man. He’s subhuman, like an animal.In that case there are a lot of animals on the loose in this
                            city.Did he confess?Sir, be a man. Every married man has been cheated on. Millions of
                                men sleep with wives who cheat on them, wrongly believing they
                                belong to them alone. Your case is better than that. At least
                                you’re not ignorant. The worst thing of all is to kiss
                                your wife thinking she’s innocent, when in fact
                                she’s a whore. No, I’d rather know the truth.
                                Then I’ll know exactly what she is, just as I know what I
                                am.You’re wise! That’s for sure.Go somewhere else for a while. Calm down. While you were dazed by
                                grief—which isn’t appropriate for a man like
                                you—Cassio showed up here. I got him to leave, and made
                                up an excuse for your trance. I told him to come back and talk to me
                                in a bit, and he promised he would. So hide here and watch how he
                                sneers