And ever will—though he do shake me offTo beggarly divorcement—love him dearly,Comfort forswear me! Unkindness may do much,And his unkindness may defeat my life,But never taint my love. I cannot say
                                “whore,”It does abhor me now I speak the word.To do the act that might the addition earnNot the world’s mass of vanity could make me.I pray you, be content, ’tis but his humor.The business of the state does him offence,And he does chide with you.If ’twere no other—'Tis but so, I warrant.Hark, how these instruments summon to supper.The messengers of Venice stays the meat.Go in, and weep not. All things shall be well.How now, Roderigo!I do not find that thou deal’st justly with me.What in the contrary?Every day thou daff’st me with some device, Iago, and
                                rather, as it seems to me now, keep’st from me all
                                conveniency than suppliest me with the least advantage of hope.#LBSFORGOLDthen I hope I have a life of misery! Unkindness is powerful, and
                                his unkindness may kill me, but it’ll never destroy my
                                love. I can’t say “whore.” It makes
                                me sick to say the word even now. I wouldn’t do the thing
                                that would make me a whore for all the money in the world.Please calm down. He’s just in a bad mood. Political
                                business is bothering him, and he’s just taking it out on
                                you.If only that were all it is—It is, I promise.Those trumpets are calling us in to dinner. The Venetians are
                                waiting for their food. Go in, and don’t cry. Everything
                                will be all right.How are you, Roderigo?I don’t think you’re treating me
                            fairly.What makes you say that?Every day you put me off with some trick. Instead of finding
                                opportunities for me, you seem to be preventing me from making any
                                progress.