Oh, that the slave had forty thousand lives!One is too poor, too weak for my revenge.Now do I see ’tis true. Look here, Iago,All my fond love thus do I blow to heaven.'Tis gone.Arise, black vengeance, from the hollow hell!Yield up, O love, thy crown and hearted throneTo tyrannous hate! Swell, bosom, with thy fraught,For ’tis of aspics' tongues!    Yet be
                            content.Oh, blood, blood, blood!  Patience, I say. Your mind may
                            change.Never, Iago. Like to the Pontic sea,Whose icy current and compulsive courseNe'er keeps retiring ebb but keeps due onTo the Propontic and the Hellespont,Even so my bloody thoughts with violent paceShall ne'er look back, ne'er ebb to humble
                                loveTill that a capable and wide revengeSwallow them up. Now, by yon marble heaven,In the due reverence of a sacred vowI here engage my words. (he
                            kneels)
    Do not rise yet.Witness, you ever-burning lights above,You elements that clip us round about,Witness that here Iago doth give upThe execution of his wit, hands, heart,To wronged Othello’s service. Let him command,And to obey shall be in me remorse,What bloody business ever.#LBSFORGOLDOh, I’d kill that bastard Cassio forty thousand times
                                if I could! Killing him once is not enough revenge. Now I see
                                it’s true. Oh, Iago, all the love I felt is gone,
                                vanished in the wind. Welcome, hatred and vengeance! Get out of my
                                heart, love! My heart feels like it’s full of poisonous
                                snakes!Calm down—I want blood!Be patient, I’m telling you. You may change your mind
                                later.Never, Iago. My thoughts of revenge are flowing through me like a
                                violent river, never turning back to love, only flowing toward full
                                revenge that’ll swallow them up. I swear to God
                                I’ll get revenge. (he
                                kneels)
Don’t get up yet. Let heaven be my
                                witness—I’m putting my mind, my heart, and my
                                hands in Othello’s control. Let him command me, and
                                I’ll do whatever he asks, no matter how violent.