Ay. Would you had never seen him!So would not I. My love doth so approve himThat even his stubbornness, his checks, his frowns—Prithee, unpin me—have grace and favor.I have laid those sheets you bade me on the bed.All’s one. Good Father, how foolish are our minds!If I do die before thee, prithee, shroud meIn one of these same sheets.    Come, come! You
                                talk!My mother had a maid called Barbary,She was in love, and he she loved proved madAnd did forsake her. She had a song of
                                “Willow,”An old thing ’twas, but it expressed her fortuneAnd she died singing it. That song tonightWill not go from my mind. I have much to doBut to go hang my head all at one sideAnd sing it like poor Barbary. Prithee, dispatch.Shall I go fetch your nightgown?    No, unpin me here.This Lodovico is a proper man.A very handsome man.    He speaks
                            well.I know a lady in Venice would have walked barefoot to Palestine
                                for a touch of his nether lip.#LBSFORGOLDYes. I wish you’d never met him.That’s not what I wish. I love him even when
                                he’s harsh and mean—Help me unpin this, would
                                you?—I love even his stubbornness, his frowns, his bad
                                moods.I put those wedding sheets on your bed, as you asked.It doesn’t matter. Oh, how silly we are! If I die
                                before you do make sure I’m wrapped in those sheets in my
                                coffin.Listen to you! Don’t be silly!My mother had a maid named Barbary. She was in love, and her lover
                                turned out to be wild and left her. She knew an old song called
                                “Willow” that reminded her of her own story,
                                and she died singing it. I can’t get that song out of my
                                head tonight. It’s all I can do to keep myself from
                                hanging my head down in despair and singing it like poor Barbary.
                                Please, hurry up.Should I get your nightgown?No, just help me unpin this. That Lodovico is a good-looking
                            man.He’s very handsome.He speaks well.I know a lady in Venice who’d walk all the way to
                                Palestine for a kiss from him.