Oh, a thousand thousand times—and then of so gentle a
                                condition!Ay, too gentle.Nay, that’s certain. But yet the pity of it, Iago! O
                                Iago, the pity of it, Iago!If you are so fond over her iniquity, give her patent to offend,
                                for if it touch not you it comes near nobody.I will chop her into messes! Cuckold me?Oh, ’tis foul in her.With mine officer!That’s fouler.Get me some poison, Iago, this night. I’ll not
                                expostulate with her, lest her body and beauty unprovide my mind
                                again—This night, Iago!Do it not with poison. Strangle her in her bed, even the bed she
                                hath contaminated.Good, good, the justice of it pleases! Very good!And for Cassio, let me be his undertaker. You shall hear more by
                                midnight.Excellent good.#LBSFORGOLDOh, a thousand times worse, a thousand times—and what a
                                sweet personality she has!Yes, a little too sweet.Yes, that’s for sure. Oh, it’s dreadful,
                                dreadful, Iago!If you still feel so affectionate toward her, then why not give
                                her permission to cheat on you? If it doesn’t bother you,
                                it won’t bother anyone else.I’ll chop her into pieces. How could she cheat on
                            me?Oh, it’s horrible of her.And with my own officer!That’s worse.Get me some poison tonight, Iago. I won’t argue with
                                her, so her beautiful body won’t disarm
                                me.—Tonight, Iago.Don’t do it with poison. Strangle her in her bed, the
                                same bed she’s contaminated.Good, good, I like that—it’s only fair! Very
                                good!And let me kill Cassio. You’ll hear more from me by
                                midnight.Excellent, good.