The fixèd figure for the time of scornTo point his slow and moving finger at!Yet could I bear that too, well, very well.But there where I have garnered up my heart,Where either I must live or bear no life,The fountain from the which my current runsOr else dries up—to be discarded thence!Or keep it as a cistern for foul toadsTo knot and gender in! Turn thy complexion there,Patience, thou young and rose-lipped cherubin,—Ay, there, look grim as hell!I hope my noble lord esteems me honest.Oh, ay, as summer flies are in the shambles,That quicken even with blowing. O thou weed,Who art so lovely fair and smell’st so sweetThat the sense aches at thee, would thou hadst ne'er
                                been born!Alas, what ignorant sin have I committed?Was this fair paper, this most goodly book,Made to write “whore” upon? What committed?Committed? O thou public commoner!I should make very forges of my cheeksThat would to cinders burn up modestyDid I but speak thy deeds. What committed?Heaven stops the nose at it and the moon winks,The bawdy wind that kisses all it meetsIs hushed within the hollow mine of earthAnd will not hear ’t. What committed!Impudent strumpet!By heaven, you do me wrong!#LBSFORGOLDbe like the fountain that my children and all my descendants flow
                                from, has rejected me! Worse than that, she’s polluted
                                herself, so that the fountain is a place where disgusting toads
                                copulate and reproduce! Even the goddess of patience
                                couldn’t look at this and be
                                patient—it’s too horrifying!I hope you think I’m faithful to you.As faithful as flies in rotting meat, which give birth to maggots
                                every time the wind blows. You’re like a weed pretending
                                to be a flower, so beautiful and sweet-smelling that I ache when I
                                look at you. Oh, I wish you’d never been born!Have I done something to offend you without knowing it?Was someone as beautiful as you meant to be a whore? What have you
                                done? What have you done? Oh, you streetwalker! If I said out loud
                                what you’ve done, you’d burn up with shame.
                                What have you done? Heaven has to hold its nose when it sees you!
                                The pure moon in the sky has to shut its eyes when you go by! Even
                                the wind that blows over everything on earth is ashamed to visit
                                you. You brazen whore!I swear to God you’re accusing me wrongly!