Transported with no worse nor better guardBut with a knave of common hire, a gondolier,To the gross clasps of a lascivious Moor,If this be known to you and your allowance,We then have done you bold and saucy wrongs.But if you know not this my manners tell meWe have your wrong rebuke. Do not believeThat, from the sense of all civility,I thus would play and trifle with your reverence.Your daughter (if you have not given her leave)I say again, hath made a gross revolt,Tying her duty, beauty, wit, and fortunesIn an extravagant and wheeling strangerOf here and everywhere. Straight satisfy yourself.If she be in her chamber or your house,Let loose on me the justice of the stateFor thus deluding you.    Strike on the
			tinder, ho!Give me a taper, call up all my people!This accident is not unlike my dream,Belief of it oppresses me already.Light, I say, light!(to RODERIGO)
    Farewell, for I
			must leave you.It seems not meet, nor wholesome to my place,To be producted (as, if I stay, I shall)Against the Moor. For I do know the state(However this may gall him with some check)Cannot with safety cast him, for he’s embarkedWith such loud reason to the Cyprus wars(Which even now stand in act) that, for their souls,Another of his fathom they have noneTo lead their business. In which regard,#LBSFORGOLDapproval, then we’ve been very rude to bother you like
			this. But if you didn’t know about it, then you were
			wrong to get mad at us. I’d never play pranks on you. If
			you didn’t allow your daughter to do what
			she’s doing, then she’s rebelling against you.
			She’s throwing her life away on some stranger. Go ahead,
			see for yourself if she’s in her bedroom. If she is, you
			can sue me for lying to you.Light the candles! Wake up my whole household! I dreamt about
			this. I’m starting to worry it’s true. Give me
			some light!
(to RODERIGO)
It’s time for me to say goodbye to you. It would be
			inappropriate—dangerous, even—for me to be
			seen working against the Moor, as I would if I stayed. The Venetian
			government might reprimand him for this, but it can’t
			safely get rid of him, since it needs him urgently for the imminent
			Cyprus wars. They couldn’t find another man with his
			abilities to lead their armed forces—not if their souls
			depended on it. I hate him, but I’ve got to show him
			signs of loyalty