I will indeed no longer endure it, nor am I yet persuaded to
                                put up in peace what already I have foolishly suffered.Will you hear me, Roderigo?I have heard too much, and your words and performances are no kin
                                together.You charge me most unjustly.With naught but truth. I have wasted myself out of my means. The
                                jewels you have had from me to deliver Desdemona would half have
                                corrupted a votaress. You have told me she hath received them and
                                returned me expectations and comforts of sudden respect and
                                acquaintance, but I find none.Well, go to. Very well.“Very well,” “go to”!
                                I cannot go to, man, nor ’tis not very well. Nay, I think
                                it is scurvy, and begin to find myself fopped in it.Very well.I tell you ’tis not very well. I will make myself known
                                to Desdemona. If she will return me my jewels I will give over my
                                suit and repent my unlawful solicitation. If not, assure yourself I
                                will seek satisfaction of you.You have said now.Ay, and said nothing but what I protest intendment of
                            doing.#LBSFORGOLDWell, I won’t take it any longer. And I’m not going to sit back and accept
                                what you’ve done.Will you listen to me, Roderigo?I’ve listened to you too much already. Your words and
                                actions don’t match up.That’s not fair.It’s the truth. I’ve got no money left. The
                                jewels you took from me to deliver to Desdemona would’ve
                                made even a nun want to sleep with me. You told me she got them, and
                                that she promised to give me a little something in return soon, but
                                nothing like that ever happens.Well, all right then. Fine.“Fine!” he says. “All
                                right!” It’s not fine, and I’m not
                                all right! It’s wrong, and I’m starting to
                                realize I’m being cheated!Okay.It’s not okay! I’m going to tell Desdemona
                                my feelings. If she returns my jewels, I’ll stop pursuing
                                her and apologize to her. If not, I’ll challenge you to a
                                duel.You’ve said what you have to say now.Yes, and I’ll do everything I just said.