Your wife, my lord. Your true and loyal wife.Come, swear it, damn thyself.Lest, being like one of heaven, the devils themselvesShould fear to seize thee. Therefore be double damned,Swear thou art honest!    Heaven doth truly
                                know it.Heaven truly knows that thou art false as hell.To whom, my lord? With whom? How am I false?Ah, Desdemona, away, away, away!Alas the heavy day, why do you weep?Am I the motive of these tears, my lord?If haply you my father do suspectAn instrument of this your calling back,Lay not your blame on me. If you have lost him,Why, I have lost him too.    Had it pleased
                                heavenTo try me with affliction, had they rainedAll kinds of sores and shames on my bare head,Steeped me in poverty to the very lips,Given to captivity me and my utmost hopes,I should have found in some place of my soulA drop of patience. But, alas, to make me#LBSFORGOLDI’m your wife, your true and loyal wife.Go ahead, swear to that, so you’ll be damned to hell
                                for lying. Otherwise the devils will mistake you for an angel and be
                                too scared to grab you. Go ahead, make sure you damn yourself by
                                swearing you’ve been faithful to me.Heaven knows I am.Heaven knows you’re as unfaithful as hell.Unfaithful, my lord? With whom? How am I unfaithful?Leave me alone, Desdemona, go away!Oh, what a horrible day! Why are you crying? Because of me? If
                                you’ve been ordered back to Venice because of my father,
                                don’t blame me. You may have lost his respect, but so
                                have I.If God had decided to treat me like Job, making me sick and
                                covered with sores, reducing me to abject poverty, selling me into
                                slavery and destroying all my hopes, I would have found some way to
                                accept it with patience. But instead He’s made me a
                                laughingstock for everyone in our time to point at and scorn! Even
                                that I could put up with. But instead, my wife, who’s
                                supposed to