And pour our treasures into foreign laps,Or else break out in peevish jealousies,Throwing restraint upon us. Or say they strike us,Or scant our former having in despite.Why, we have galls, and though we have some grace,Yet have we some revenge. Let husbands knowTheir wives have sense like them. They see and smellAnd have their palates both for sweet and sour,As husbands have. What is it that they doWhen they change us for others? Is it sport?I think it is. And doth affection breed it?I think it doth. Is ’t frailty that thus errs?It is so too. And have not we affections,Desires for sport, and frailty, as men have?Then let them use us well, else let them know,The ills we do, their ills instruct us so.Good night, good night. Heaven me such uses send,Not to pick bad from bad, but by bad mend!#LBSFORGOLDmay stop sleeping with us, and give it out to other women instead.
                                Or they may get insanely jealous, and keep us from going anywhere.
                                Or let’s say they hit us, or cut back on the money they
                                give us out of spite. We have feelings. We may be able to forgive
                                them, but we want to get back at them too. Husbands need to know
                                that their wives are human beings too. They see, smell, and taste
                                sweet and sour just like their husbands. Why do they replace us with
                                other women? Do they do it for fun? I think they do. Is it out of
                                lust? I think so. Is it a weakness? It is. And don’t we
                                have passions, and a taste for fun, and weaknesses, just like men?
                                Then tell them to treat us well. Or let them figure out that the bad
                                things we do are just what we learned from them.Good night, good night. I pray that God will let me learn from
                                women like that—not to follow their bad example, but to
                                avoid it!