Yes, that I did, but that was but courtesy.Lechery, by this hand, an index and obscure prologue to the
			history of lust and foul thoughts. They met so near with their lips
			that their breaths embraced together. Villainous thoughts, Roderigo!
			When these mutabilities so marshal the way, hard at hand comes the
			master and main exercise, th' incorporate conclusion.
			Pish! But, sir, be you ruled by me. I have brought you from Venice.
			Watch you tonight for the command, I’ll lay ’t
			upon you. Cassio knows you not. I’ll not be far from you.
			Do you find some occasion to anger Cassio, either by speaking too
			loud, or tainting his discipline, or from what other course you
			please, which the time shall more favorably minister.Well.Sir, he’s rash and very sudden in choler, and haply may
			strike at you. Provoke him that he may. For even out of that will I
			cause these of Cyprus to mutiny, whose qualification shall come into
			no true taste again but by the displanting of Cassio. So shall you
			have a shorter journey to your desires by the means I shall then
			have to prefer them, and the impediment most profitably removed,
			without the which there were no expectation of our
		    prosperity.I will do this, if you can bring it to any opportunity.I warrant thee. Meet me by and by at the citadel. I must fetch his
			necessaries ashore. Farewell.Adieu.#LBSFORGOLDYes, I did. But that wasn’t romantic, it was just
			polite manners.They were lusting after each other. You could tell by how they
			were acting that they’re going to be lovers. They were so
			close that their breath was mingling. When two people get that
			intimate, sex will soon follow. Disgusting! But listen to me; let me
			guide you. I brought you here from Venice. Be on guard duty tonight.
			I’ll put you in charge. Cassio doesn’t know
			you. I’ll be nearby. Make Cassio angry somehow, either by
			speaking too loud, or insulting his military skills, or however else
			you want.All right.He’s hot-tempered, and he might try to hit you with his
			staff. Try to get him to do that. That’ll allow me to
			stir up public sentiment against him here in Cyprus. I’ll
			get them so riled up that they’ll only calm down when
			Cassio’s fired. To get what you want, you need to get
			Cassio out of the way. If you don’t do that, things are
			hopeless for you.I’ll do it, if you help me out.I promise I will. Meet me in a little while at the citadel. I need
			to get Othello’s things from the ship. Goodbye.Goodbye.