Nor for my manhood, honesty, and wisdomTo let you know my thoughts.    What dost thou
                                mean?Good name in man and woman, dear my lord,Is the immediate jewel of their souls.Who steals my purse steals trash. 'Tis something,
                                nothing:'Twas mine, ’tis his, and has been slave to
                                thousands.But he that filches from me my good nameRobs me of that which not enriches himAnd makes me poor indeed.    I’ll
                                know thy thoughts.You cannot, if my heart were in your hand,Nor shall not, whilst ’tis in my custody.Ha!Oh, beware, my lord, of jealousy!It is the green-eyed monster which doth mockThe meat it feeds on. That cuckold lives in blissWho, certain of his fate, loves not his wronger,But, oh, what damnèd minutes tells he o'erWho dotes, yet doubts— suspects, yet soundly
                            loves!Oh, misery!Poor and content is rich, and rich enough,But riches fineless is as poor as winterTo him that ever fears he shall be poor.Good heaven, the souls of all my tribe defendFrom jealousy!#LBSFORGOLDit wouldn’t be wise, honest, or responsible for me to
                                tell them.What are you talking about?A good reputation is the most valuable thing we
                                have—men and women alike. If you steal my money,
                                you’re just stealing trash. It’s something,
                                it’s nothing: it’s yours, it’s
                                mine, and it’ll belong to thousands more. But if you
                                steal my reputation, you’re robbing me of something that
                                doesn’t make you richer, but makes me much poorer.I’m going to find out what you’re
                            thinking.You can’t find that out, even if you held my heart in
                                your hand you couldn’t make me tell you. And as long my
                                heart’s inside my body, you never will.What?Beware of jealousy, my lord! It’s a green-eyed monster
                                that makes fun of the victims it devours. The man who knows his wife
                                is cheating on him is happy, because at least he isn’t
                                friends with the man she’s sleeping with. But think of
                                the unhappiness of a man who worships his wife, yet doubts her
                                faithfulness. He suspects her, but still loves her.Oh, what misery!The person who’s poor and contented is rich enough. But
                                infinite riches are nothing to someone who’s always
                                afraid he’ll be poor. God, help us not be jealous!