    Amen to that,
			sweet powers!I cannot speak enough of this content.It stops me here, it is too much of joy.And this, and this, the greatest discords be (kissing her)
That e'er our hearts shall make!
(aside)
    Oh, you are well
			tuned now,But I’ll set down the pegs that make this music,As honest as I am.    Come, let us to
			the castle.News, friends! Our wars are done, the Turks are drowned.How does my old acquaintance of this isle?—Honey, you shall be well desired in Cyprus,I have found great love amongst them. O my sweet,I prattle out of fashion, and I doteIn mine own comforts.—I prithee, good Iago,Go to the bay and disembark my coffers.Bring thou the master to the citadel.He is a good one, and his worthinessDoes challenge much respect.—Come, Desdemona,Once more, well met at Cyprus.Do thou meet me presently at the harbor.—Come hither.
			If thou be’st valiant, as they say base men being in love
			have then a nobility in their natures more than is native to them,
			list me. The lieutenant tonight watches on the court of guard.
			First, I must tell thee this: Desdemona is directly in love with
			him.#LBSFORGOLDAmen to that! I can’t talk about my happiness anymore.
			It’s too much. I hope these kisses I’m about
			to give you are the closest we ever come to fighting.(they kiss)

(to himself) Oh, you’re
			happy now, but I’ll ruin your happiness, for all my
			supposed honesty.Let’s go up to the castle. Good news, friends. The
			war’s over and the Turks are drowned. How are my old
			friends from this island doing?—Honey, they’ll
			love you here in Cyprus. They’ve been very good to me
			here. Oh, my dear, I’m blabbing on and on because
			I’m so happy.—Iago, would you be good enough
			to go get my trunks from the ships? And bring the ship’s
			captain to the castle. He’s a good
			man.—Let’s go, Desdemona. I’ll say
			it again: I’m so happy to see you here in Cyprus!Meet me down at the harbor.—Come here. They say love
			makes cowards brave. So if you’re brave, listen to me.
			Lieutenant Cassio will be on guard duty tonight. But first, I have
			to tell you that Desdemona’s completely in love with
		    him.