Wooed me to steal it, but she so loves the token(For he conjured her she should ever keep it)That she reserves it evermore about herTo kiss and talk to. I’ll have the work
                                ta'en outAnd give ’t Iago. What he will do with itHeaven knows, not I.I nothing but to please his fantasy.How now! What do you here alone?Do not you chide. I have a thing for you.A thing for me? It is a common thing—Ha?To have a foolish wife.Oh, is that all? What will you give me nowFor the same handkerchief?What handkerchief?What handkerchief?Why, that the Moor first gave to Desdemona,That which so often you did bid me steal.Hast stolen it from her?No, but she let it drop by negligenceAnd, to th' advantage, I being here, took ’t
                                up.Look, here it is.#LBSFORGOLDhundred times. But she loves it so much (since Othello told her
                                she should always keep it with her) that she always keeps it near
                                her to kiss it and talk to it. I’ll copy the embroidery
                                pattern and then give it to Iago. Heaven knows what he’s
                                going to do with it. I only try to satisfy his whims.What’s going on? What are you doing here alone?Don’t snap at me. I’ve got something for
                                you.You’ve got something for me? It’s a common thing“Thing” was slang for vagina. By saying that Emilia\’s “thing” is “common,” Iago implies that she lets anyone have sex with herthing—What?—to have a stupid wife.Oh, is that so? And what would you give me for the
                            handkerchief?What handkerchief?What handkerchief? The one the Moor gave to Desdemona, which you
                                asked me to steal so many times.You stole it from her?No, actually. She dropped it carelessly, and, seizing the
                                opportunity, since I was here, I picked it up. Look, here it
                            is.