If thou dost I shall never love thee after. Why, thou silly
			gentleman!It is silliness to live when to live is torment, and then have we
			a prescription to die when death is our physician.Oh, villainous! I have looked upon the world for four times seven
			years, and since I could distinguish betwixt a benefit and an injury
			I never found man that knew how to love himself. Ere I would say I
			would drown myself for the love of a guinea hen, I would change my
			humanity with a baboon.What should I do? I confess it is my shame to be so fond, but it
			is not in my virtue to amend it.Virtue? A fig! 'Tis in ourselves that we are thus or
			thus. Our bodies are our gardens, to the which our wills are
			gardeners. So that if we will plant nettles or sow lettuce, set
			hyssop and weed up thyme, supply it with one gender of herbs or
			distract it with many—either to have it sterile with
			idleness, or manured with industry—why, the power and
			corrigible authority of this lies in our wills. If the balance of
			our lives had not one scale of reason to poise another of
			sensuality, the blood and baseness of our natures would conduct us
			to most prepost'rous conclusions. But we have reason to
			cool our raging motions, our carnal stings, our unbitted lusts.
			Whereof I take this that you call love to be a sect or scion.It cannot be.It is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will.
			Come, be a man. Drown thyself? Drown cats and blind puppies! I have
			professed me thy friend, and I confess me knit to thy deserving with
			cables of perdurable toughness.#LBSFORGOLDIf you do that, I’ll never respect you again. Why, you
			silly man!It’s silly to live when life is torture. The only cure
			is death.Oh, how stupid! I’ve been alive for twenty-eight years,
			and I’ve never met a man who knew what was good for him.
			I’d rather be a baboon than kill myself out of love for
			some woman I can’t have.What should I do? I know it’s foolish to be so much in
			love, but I can’t help it.Can’t help it? Nonsense! What we are is up to us. Our
			bodies are like gardens and our willpower is like the gardener.
			Depending on what we plant—weeds or lettuce, or one kind
			of herb rather than a variety, the garden will either be barren and
			useless, or rich and productive. If we didn’t have
			rational minds to counterbalance our emotions and desires, our
			bodily urges would take over. We’d end up in ridiculous
			situations. Thankfully, we have reason to cool our raging lusts. In
			my opinion, what you call love is just an offshoot of lust.I don’t believe it.You feel love because you feel lust and you have no willpower.
			Come on, be a man. Drown yourself? Drowning is for cats or blind
			puppies—don’t drown yourself! I’ve
			told you I’m your friend, and I’ll stick
			by you. 