Who’s that which rings the bell?—Diablo, ho!The town will rise. Fie, Fie, lieutenant,You’ll be ashamed for ever.What is the matter here?I bleed still,I am hurt to the death. He dies!Hold, for your lives!Hold, ho! Lieutenant—sir, Montano—gentlemen,Have you forgot all place of sense and duty?Hold! The general speaks to you. Hold, for shame!Why, how now, ho! From whence ariseth this?Are we turned Turks? And to ourselves do thatWhich heaven hath forbid the Ottomites?For Christian shame, put by this barbarous brawl.He that stirs next to carve for his own rageHolds his soul light, he dies upon his motion.Silence that dreadful bell, it frights the isleFrom her propriety. What is the matter, masters?—Honest Iago, that looks dead with grieving,Speak, who began this? On thy love, I charge thee.I do not know. Friends all but now, even now,In quarter, and in terms like bride and groomDivesting them for bed. And then, but now,As if some planet had unwitted men,#LBSFORGOLDWho’s sounding that alarm? The whole town will riot!
			God, lieutenant, please stop! You’ll be ashamed of this
			forever!What is the matter here?My God, I’m bleeding! I’ve been mortally
			wounded. I’ll kill him!Stop right now!Stop! Lieutenant—sir, Montano—gentlemen!
			Have you forgotten your duty and your sense of decorum? Stop! The
			general is talking to you! Stop, for God’s sake!How did this all start? Have we all become as savage as the Turks,
			treating each other as badly as they would have treated us? For
			heaven’s sake, stop this savage brawl! The next man who
			swings his sword must not care about his life, because the instant
			he strikes, he dies. Stop that alarm from ringing, it’s
			scaring the islanders. What’s the matter here,
			gentlemen?—Honest Iago, you look upset. Speak up and tell
			me who started this. Answer me.I don’t know. We were all having fun until just a
			minute ago; we were as happy as a bride and groom taking off their
			clothes. But then the mood suddenly changed. It was as if something
			had driven the men insane and made them point their swords at one
			another. I don’t