Here, stand behind this bulk, straight will he come.Wear thy good rapier bare, and put it home.Quick, quick! Fear nothing. I’ll be at thy elbow.It makes us, or it mars us. Think on that,And fix most firm thy resolution.Be near at hand, I may miscarry in ’t.Here, at thy hand. Be bold, and take thy stand.I have no great devotion to the deedAnd yet he hath given me satisfying reasons.'Tis but a man gone. Forth, my sword: he dies.
(aside) I have rubbed this young
                                quat almost to the sense,And he grows angry. Now, whether he kill CassioOr Cassio him, or each do kill the other,Every way makes my gain. Live Roderigo,He calls me to a restitution largeOf gold and jewels that I bobbed from himAs gifts to Desdemona.It must not be. If Cassio do remainHe hath a daily beauty in his lifeThat makes me ugly. And besides, the MoorMay unfold me to him—there stand I in much peril.No, he must die. But so, I hear him coming.#LBSFORGOLDHere, stand behind this wall; he’ll come right away.
                                Keep your sword out, and then stick it in as far as it’ll
                                go. Quick, quick. Don’t be afraid. I’ll be
                                right next to you. This will either make us or break us. Keep that
                                in mind, and be steady.Stay right near me. I may mess it up.I’m right behind you. Be bold, and get ready.I don’t really want to do this, but he’s
                                given me good reasons. I guess it’s only one
                                man—no big deal. My sword comes out, and he dies.
(to himself) I’ve rubbed
                                this young pimple until he’s ready to pop, and now
                                he’s angry. Whether he kills Cassio, or Cassio kills him,
                                or they kill each other, it all works in my favor. If Roderigo
                                survives, though, he’ll ask me for all the gold and
                                jewelry that I stole from him and said I gave to Desdemona. I
                                can’t let that happen. If Cassio survives,he’s
                                so handsome and well-spoken that he makes me look ugly. And besides,
                                the Moor might tell him about my lies about him.—That
                                would be very dangerous for me. No, he’s got to die. Let
                                it be so. I hear him coming.