I see, sir, you are eaten up with passion.I do repent me that I put it to you.You would be satisfied?    Would? Nay, and I
                                will.And may, but how? How satisfied, my lord?Would you, the supervisor, grossly gape on,Behold her topped?  Death and damnation! Oh!It were a tedious difficulty, I think,To bring them to that prospect. Damn them then,If ever mortal eyes do see them bolsterMore than their own! What then? How then?What shall I say? Where’s satisfaction?It is impossible you should see this,Were they as prime as goats, as hot as monkeys,As salt as wolves in pride, and fools as grossAs ignorance made drunk. But yet, I say,If imputation and strong circumstancesWhich lead directly to the door of truthWill give you satisfaction, you may have ’t.Give me a living reason she’s disloyal.I do not like the office.But, sith I am entered in this cause so far,Pricked to ’t by foolish honesty and love,I will go on. I lay with Cassio latelyAnd, being troubled with a raging tooth,I could not sleep. There are a kind of menSo loose of soul that in their sleeps will mutter#LBSFORGOLDI see you’re all eaten up with emotion. I’m
                                sorry I said anything. You want proof?Want? Yes, I want it, and I’ll get it.But how? How will you get proof? Are you going to hide and watch
                                them having sex?Death and damnation! Oh!I think it would be very hard to arrange for them to have sex
                                while you watched. If anyone sees them in bed together besides
                                themselves, I guess we could damn them then. So what can we do? What
                                can I say? What proof is there? It’d be impossible for
                                you to watch them, even if they were as horny as animals in heat and
                                as stupid as drunks. But if you would be willing to accept
                                circumstantial evidence as proof, we can get that.Give me one good reason to think she’s cheating on
                            me.I don’t like what you’re asking me to do.
                                But since I’ve gotten myself involved this far, because
                                I’m so stupidly honest and because I like you so much,
                                I’ll keep going. I recently shared a bed with Cassio, and
                                I couldn’t sleep because of a raging toothache. Well,
                                some people talk in their sleep, and Cassio is one of them. I heard
                                him saying, “Sweet Desdemona, let’s be careful
                                and hide our love,” in his sleep. And then he grabbed my
                                hand and said, “Oh, my darling!” and