Their affairs. One of this kind is Cassio.In sleep I heard him say “Sweet Desdemona,Let us be wary, let us hide our loves.”And then, sir, would he gripe and wring my hand,Cry “O sweet creature!” and then kiss me
                                hard,As if he plucked up kisses by the rootsThat grew upon my lips, lay his legOver my thigh, and sigh, and kiss, and thenCry “Cursed fate that gave thee to the
                                Moor!”Oh, monstrous! Monstrous!Nay, this was but his dream.But this denoted a foregone conclusion.'Tis a shrewd doubt, though it be but a dream.And this may help to thicken other proofsThat do demonstrate thinly.    I’ll
                                tear her all to pieces!Nay, yet be wise, yet we see nothing done,She may be honest yet. Tell me but this,Have you not sometimes seen a handkerchiefSpotted with strawberries in your wife’s hand?I gave her such a one, ’twas my first gift.I know not that, but such a handkerchief—I am sure it was your wife’s—did I todaySee Cassio wipe his beard with.    If it be
                                that—If it be that, or any that was hers,It speaks against her with the other proofs.#LBSFORGOLDkissed me hard, as if he were trying to suck my lips off. Then he
                                put his leg over mine, and sighed and kissed me, and said,
                                “Damn fate for giving you to the Moor!”Oh, that’s monstrous! Monstrous!No, it was just a dream.But it shows that something has already happened.It’s a reason for suspicion, even though
                                it’s just a dream. And it might back up other evidence
                                that may seem too flimsy.I’ll tear her to pieces!No, be reasonable. We don’t have any proof yet. She
                                might still be faithful. Just tell me this: have you ever seen her
                                holding a handkerchief with an embroidered strawberry pattern on
                            it?Yes, I gave her one like that. It was my first gift to her.I don’t know about that, but I saw a handkerchief like
                                that today. I’m sure it belongs to your wife, and I saw
                                Cassio use it to wipe his beard.If it’s the same one—If it’s the same one, or any one that belongs to her,
                                then together with the other evidence it’s pretty
                            strong.