    I ne'er
                                saw this before.Sure, there’s some wonder in this handkerchief,I am most unhappy in the loss of it.'Tis not a year or two shows us a man.They are all but stomachs, and we all but food.To eat us hungerly, and when they are full,They belch us. Look you, Cassio and my husband!There is no other way. 'Tis she must do ’t,And, lo, the happiness! Go and importune her.How now, good Cassio, what’s the news with you?Madam, my former suit. I do beseech youThat by your virtuous means I may againExist, and be a member of his loveWhom I, with all the office of my heartEntirely honor. I would not be delayed.If my offence be of such mortal kindThat nor my service past, nor present sorrows,Nor purposed merit in futurity,Can ransom me into his love again,But to know so must be my benefit.So shall I clothe me in a forced content,And shut myself up in some other course,To fortune’s alms.#LBSFORGOLDI never saw him like this before. There must be some magic in that
                                handkerchief. I’m miserable that I lost it.Men are all the same, but it takes longer than a year or two to
                                see how bad they are. They’re like stomachs and
                                we’re just the food. They eat us up hungrily, and when
                                they’re full, they vomit us up. Look, here comes Cassio
                                and my husband.There’s no other way. She’s the one
                                who’s got to do it. And what luck, she’s here!
                                Go ahead and ask her.Hello, Cassio. How are you?Nothing, madam. Just my earlier request. I’m begging
                                you to help me get back on his good side. I’m devoted to
                                him with all my heart. I can’t wait any longer. If my
                                wrongdoing was so serious that I can’t get back into his
                                good graces either by my past service, or my present situation, or
                                the promise of devoted service in the future, just knowing that
                                would help me. Then I could stop wondering, and find some other
                                career.