'Tis such another fitchew. Marry, a perfumed
                                one.—What do you mean by this haunting of me?Let the devil and his dam haunt you! What did you mean by that
                                same handkerchief you gave me even now? I was a fine fool to take
                                it. I must take out the work? A likely piece of work, that you
                                should find it in your chamber, and not know who left it there! This
                                is some minx’s token, and I must take out the work?
                                There, give it your hobby-horse. Wheresoever you had it,
                                I’ll take out no work on ’t.How now, my sweet Bianca! How now, how now?By heaven, that should be my handkerchief!If you’ll come to supper tonight, you may. If you will
                                not, come when you are next prepared for.After her, after her.I must, she’ll rail in the street else.Will you sup there?Yes, I intend so.Well, I may chance to see you, for I would very fain speak with
                                you.Prithee come, will you?Go to! Say no more.#LBSFORGOLDIt’s a whore like all the others, stinking of cheap
                                perfume.—Why are you always hanging around me?Damn you! What did you mean by giving me this handkerchief? I was
                                an idiot to take it! You want me to copy the embroidery pattern?
                                That was a likely story, that you found it in your room and
                                didn’t know who it belonged to. This is a love token from
                                some other slut, and you want me to copy its pattern for you? Give
                                it back to her, I won’t do anything with it.What is it, my dear Bianca? What’s wrong?My God, that’s my handkerchief!If you want to come have dinner with me, you can. If you
                                don’t want to, then good riddance.Go after her, go.Actually, I should. She’ll scream in the streets if I
                                don’t.Will you be having dinner with her tonight?Yes, I will.Well, maybe I’ll see you there. I’d really
                                like to speak with you.Please come. Will you?Don’t talk anymore, go after her.