Though I do hate him as I do hell pains,Yet for necessity of present lifeI must show out a flag and sign of love,(Which is indeed but sign). That you shall surely find him,Lead to the Sagittary the raisèd search,And there will I be with him. So farewell.It is too true an evil. Gone she is.And what’s to come of my despisèd timeIs naught but bitterness. Now, Roderigo,Where didst thou see her?—Oh, unhappy girl!—With the Moor, say’st thou?—Who would be a
			father?—How didst thou know ’twas she?—Oh, she
			deceives mePast thought!—What said she to you?—Get more
			tapers,Raise all my kindred. Are they married, think you?Truly, I think they are.Oh, heaven, how got she out? Oh, treason of the blood!Fathers, from hence trust not your daughters' mindsBy what you see them act. Is there not charmsBy which the property of youth and maidhoodMay be abused? Have you not read, Roderigo,Of some such thing?    Yes, sir, I have
			indeed.Call up my brother—Oh, would you had had her!Some one way, some another. Do you knowWhere we may apprehend her and the Moor?I think I can discover him, if you pleaseTo get good guard and go along with me.#LBSFORGOLDand affection, even if it’s just an act. If you want to
			find him, send the search party to the Sagittarius Inn. He and I
			will be there.It’s true. She’s gone. The rest of my life
			will be nothing but bitterness. Now, Roderigo, where did you see
			her?—Oh, that miserable wretch!—You say you
			saw her with the Moor?—Oh, who would want to be a
			father?—How did you know it was her?—To think
			she tricked me so easily!—What did she say to
			you?—Get me more candles, and wake up all my relatives.
			Do you think they’re married?Yes, I really think so.Oh, heaven, how did she get out? My own flesh and blood rebels
			against me! Fathers, never trust your daughters just because they
			act obedient and innocent. Are there magic spells that can lead
			young virgins astray? Have you ever heard of anything like that,
			Roderigo?Yes, sir, I have.Call my brother.—Now I wish you’d married
			her!—Some of you go one way, some the other
			way.—Do you know where we can find her and the
		    Moor?I think I can find him. Get together a group of armed men and
			follow me.