Avaunt! Be gone! Thou hast set me on the rack.I swear ’tis better to be much abusedThan but to know ’t a little.    How now, my
                            lord!What sense had I in her stol'n hours of lust?I saw ’t not, thought it not, it harmed not me.I slept the next night well, fed well, was free and merry.I found not Cassio’s kisses on her lips.He that is robbed, not wanting what is stol'n,Let him not know’t, and he’s not robbed at
                                all.I am sorry to hear this.I had been happy if the general camp,Pioneers and all, had tasted her sweet body,So I had nothing known. Oh, now foreverFarewell the tranquil mind! Farewell content!Farewell the plumèd troops and the big warsThat makes ambition virtue! Oh, farewell!Farewell the neighing steed and the shrill trump,The spirit-stirring drum, th' ear-piercing fife,The royal banner, and all quality,Pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war!And O you mortal engines, whose rude throatsThe immortal Jove’s dead clamors counterfeit,Farewell! Othello’s occupation’s
                            gone.Is ’t possible, my lord?Villain, be sure thou prove my love a whore,Be sure of it. Give me the ocular proofOr by the worth of mine eternal soulThou hadst been better have been born a dogThan answer my waked wrath!#LBSFORGOLDGet lost! You’ve tortured me with these thoughts. It is
                                better to be tricked completely than to only suspect a
                            little.What’s with you, my lord?I had no idea she was cheating on me. I never saw it or suspected
                                it, so it never hurt me. I slept well, ate well, and was happy. I
                                never saw Cassio’s kisses on her lips. A man
                                who’s robbed, but doesn’t miss
                                what’s stolen, isn’t robbed at all.I’m sorry to hear this.I would’ve been happy if the whole army had had sex
                                with her, the lowest-ranking grunts and all, as long as I
                                didn’t know anything about it. Oh, goodbye to my peace of
                                mind! Goodbye to my happiness! Goodbye to the soldiers and to the
                                wars that make men great! Goodbye! Goodbye to the horses and the
                                trumpets and the drums, the flute and the splendid banners, and all
                                those proud displays and pageantry of war! And you deadly cannons
                                that roar like thunderbolts thrown by the gods, goodbye!
                                Othello’s career is over.Is this possible, my lord?You villain, you’d better be able to prove my
                                wife’s a whore! Be sure of it. Get me proof I can see. If
                                you can’t, trust me, you won’t want to feel my
                                rage!