  Oh, that’s well
                                said—the chair!Some good man bear him carefully from hence.I’ll fetch the general’s
                                    surgeon.—(to
                                    BIANCA) For you, mistress,Save you your labor.—He that lies slain here, Cassio,Was my dear friend. What malice was between you?None in the world, nor do I know the man.
(to BIANCA)
What, look you pale?—Oh, bear him out o' the
                                air.—Do you perceive the gastness of her eye?—Stay you, good
                                gentlemen.—Look you pale, mistress?—Nay, if you stare, we shall hear more anon.—Behold her well. I pray you, look upon her.Do you see, gentlemen? Nay, guiltinessWill speak, though tongues were out of use.Alas, what is the matter? What is the matter, husband?Cassio hath here been set on in the darkBy Roderigo and fellows that are ’scaped.He’s almost slain, and Roderigo dead.Alas, good gentleman! Alas, good Cassio!This is the fruits of whoring. Prithee, Emilia,Go know of Cassio where he supped tonight.—
(to BIANCA) What, do you shake at that?#LBSFORGOLDGood—here’s the stretcher. Get somebody
                                strong to carry him out of here. I’ll get the
                                general’s surgeon. (to
                                    BIANCA) As for you,
                                ma'am, don’t bother. The man lying here was my
                                dear friend, Roderigo.—What was the problem between
                            you?There wasn’t any problem. I don’t even know
                                him.
(to BIANCA) You’re pale?—Get Cassio out of
                                here.—You look awfully pale, Bianca.Do you see how afraid she is? Watch her, we’ll get the
                                whole story. Keep an eye on her. Do you see? The guilty speak
                                volumes even when they’re silent.What’s the matter? What’s the matter,
                                husband?Cassio was attacked here in the dark by Roderigo and men who
                                escaped. He’s near death, and Roderigo’s dead
                                already.Oh, no, good gentleman! Oh no, good Cassio!This is what happens when you visit whores. Please, Emilia, ask
                                Cassio where he was at dinner tonight.—(to BIANCA) What, does that make you nervous?