Why, but you are now well enough. How came you thus
		    recovered?It hath pleased the devil drunkenness to give place to the devil
			wrath. One unperfectness shows me another, to make me frankly
			despise myself.Come, you are too severe a moraler. As the time, the place, and
			the condition of this country stands, I could heartily wish this had
			not befallen. But since it is as it is, mend it for your own
		    good.I will ask him for my place again, he shall tell me I am a
			drunkard. Had I as many mouths as Hydra, such an answer would stop
			them all. To be now a sensible man, by and by a fool, and presently
			a beast! Oh, strange! Every inordinate cup is unblessed and the
			ingredient is a devil.Come, come, good wine is a good familiar creature, if it be well
			used. Exclaim no more against it. And, good lieutenant, I think you
			think I love you.I have well approved it, sir. I drunk!You or any man living may be drunk at a time, man. I tell you what
			you shall do. Our general’s wife is now the general. I
			may say so in this respect, for that he hath devoted and given up
			himself to the contemplation, mark, and denotement of her parts and
			graces. Confess yourself freely to her, importune her help to put
			you in your place again. She is of so free, so kind, so apt, so
			blessed a disposition, she holds it a vice in her goodness not to do
			more than she is requested. This broken joint between you and her
			husband entreat her to splinter, and, my fortunes against any lay
			worth naming, this crack of your love shall grow stronger than it
			was before.#LBSFORGOLDYou seem all right now. How did you get better?My drunkenness went away when anger took over. One weakness led to
			another, to make me hate myself.Come on, you’re being too hard on yourself. I wish none
			of this had happened, given the situation here, and your rank. But
			since this has happened, you should fix it for your own good.I’ll ask him for my position back again, and
			he’ll tell me I’m a drunk. Even if I had a
			whole bunch of mouths, I wouldn’t be able to answer that.
			I was a reasonable man, then I became a fool, and finally a beast!
			Oh, how strange! Every glass of liquor is damned, and the
			devil’s the main ingredient!Come on now, wine is good for you, if you know how to use it.
			Don’t say anything bad about wine anymore. Lieutenant, I
			think you know I’m your friend.I know that, sir. Imagine, me, a drunk!Any man can get drunk sometime. I’ll tell you what to
			do. Othello’s wife has a lot of influence now.
			He’s completely devoted to her. Go open your heart to
			her. Ask her to help you get back your position. She is so generous,
			kind, and ready to help that she thinks it’s wrong not to
			do everything she can, even more than she is asked to do. Ask her to
			help you heal the rift between her husband and you. I’d
			bet my lucky stars your problem will be forgotten, and your
			relationship will be stronger than ever.