That she repeals him for her body’s lust.And by how much she strives to do him goodShe shall undo her credit with the Moor.So will I turn her virtue into pitchAnd out of her own goodness make the netThat shall enmesh them all.    How now,
		    Roderigo!I do follow here in the chase not like a hound that hunts, but one
			that fills up the cry. My money is almost spent, I have been tonight
			exceedingly well cudgeled, and I think the issue will be I shall
			have so much experience for my pains. And so, with no money at all
			and a little more wit, return again to Venice.How poor are they that have not patience!What wound did ever heal but by degrees?Thou know’st we work by wit and not by witchcraft,And wit depends on dilatory time.Does’t not go well? Cassio hath beaten thee.And thou, by that small hurt, hath cashiered Cassio.Though other things grow fair against the sun,Yet fruits that blossom first will first be ripe.Content thyself awhile. In troth, ’tis morning.Pleasure and action make the hours seem short.Retire thee, go where thou art billeted.Away, I say, thou shalt know more hereafter.Nay, get thee gone.#LBSFORGOLDtries to help Cassio, the more she’ll shake
			Othello’s confidence in her. And that’s how
			I’ll turn her good intentions into a big trap to snag
			them all.Hello, Roderigo!I’m totally worn out. My chase is too much for me.
			I’ve spent most of my money, and tonight I got beaten up.
			The upshot is that I’ve got a little more experience. So
			with no money, but a little more wisdom, I’m going back
			to Venice.You’re a poor man if you’re this impatient!
			If you get hurt, does your wound heal immediately? No, it heals
			gradually. We achieve things with our intelligence, not by magic,
			and intelligent planning takes time. Aren’t things going
			well? Cassio’s beaten you up, but with that tiny
			sacrifice on your part, you got Cassio discharged! If
			we’re patient, we’ll be rewarded with the
			fruits of our labors. My God, it’s morning. All this
			excitement has made the time fly by. Go back to where
			you’re staying and go to sleep. Go on, I’m
			telling you. You’ll understand better later. Go.