Why, now I see there’s mettle in thee, and even from
                                this instant to build on thee a better opinion than ever before.
                                Give me thy hand, Roderigo. Thou hast taken against me a most just
                                exception, but yet I protest I have dealt most directly in thy
                                affair.It hath not appeared.I grant indeed it hath not appeared, and your suspicion is not
                                without wit and judgment. But, Roderigo, if thou hast that in thee
                                indeed, which I have greater reason to believe now than
                                ever—I mean purpose, courage and valor—this
                                night show it. If thou the next night following enjoy not Desdemona,
                                take me from this world with treachery and devise engines for my
                                life.Well, what is it? Is it within reason and compass?Sir, there is especial commission come from Venice to depute
                                Cassio in Othello’s place.Is that true? Why, then Othello and Desdemona return again to
                                Venice.Oh, no, he goes into Mauritania and taketh away with him the fair
                                Desdemona, unless his abode be lingered here by some
                                accident—wherein none can be so determinate as the
                                removing of Cassio.How do you mean, removing of him?Why, by making him uncapable of Othello’s place:
                                knocking out his brains.And that you would have me to do!#LBSFORGOLDWell, all right then. Now I see that you have some guts. From this
                                moment on I have a higher opinion of you than before. Give me your
                                hand, Roderigo. Your complaint against me is perfectly
                                understandable, but I still insist I’ve done everything I
                                could to help you.It doesn’t look that way to me.I admit it doesn’t look that way to me, and the fact
                                that you suspect me shows that you’re smart. But
                                Roderigo, if you’re as courageous and determined as I
                                think you are, then wait just a bit longer. If you’re not
                                having sex with Desdemona tomorrow night, then I suggest you find
                                some way to stab me in the back and kill me.Well, what’s your plan? Is it feasible?Venice has made Cassio governor here on Cyprus.Is that true? Then Desdemona and Othello will go back to
                            Venice.Oh, no. He’ll go to Mauritania and take the beautiful
                                Desdemona with him, unless he gets stuck here for some reason. The
                                best way to extend his stay here is to get rid of Cassio.What do you mean, get rid of him?I mean knock his brains out, so he can’t take
                                Othello’s place.And that’s what you want me to do!