    Men should be what
                                they seem,Or those that be not, would they might seem none!Certain, men should be what they seem.Why then I think Cassio’s an honest man.Nay, yet there’s more in this.I prithee speak to me as to thy thinkings,As thou dost ruminate, and give thy worst of thoughtsThe worst of words.    Good my lord,
                                pardon me,Though I am bound to every act of dutyI am not bound to that all slaves are free to.Utter my thoughts? Why, say they are vile and false,As where’s that palace whereinto foul thingsSometimes intrude not? Who has that breast so pureWherein uncleanly apprehensionsKeep leets and law-days and in sessions sitWith meditations lawful?Thou dost conspire against thy friend, Iago,If thou but think’st him wronged and mak’st
                                his earA stranger to thy thoughts.    I do beseech you,Though I perchance am vicious in my guess,As, I confess, it is my nature’s plagueTo spy into abuses, and oft my jealousyShapes faults that are not, that your wisdom,From one that so imperfectly conceits,Would take no notice, nor build yourself a troubleOut of his scattering and unsure observance.It were not for your quiet nor your good,#LBSFORGOLDPeople should be what they appear to be. If they’re not
                                honest, they shouldn’t look like they are!Absolutely, people should be what they appear to be.In that case, I think Cassio’s an honest man.No, I think there’s more to this than you’re
                                letting on. Please tell me what you’re
                                thinking—even your worst suspicions.Please don’t make me do that, sir. I have to obey all
                                your orders, but surely I’m not obligated to reveal my
                                deepest thoughts—even slaves aren’t expected
                                to do that. You want me to say what I’m thinking? What if
                                my thoughts are disgusting and wrong? Even good people think
                                horrible things sometimes. Who is so pure that they never think a
                                bad thought?You’re not being a good friend, Iago, if you even
                                    think your friend has been
                                wronged and you don’t tell him about it.Please don’t ask me to tell you. I might be completely
                                wrong. I have a bad tendency to be suspicious of people and to look
                                too closely into what they’re doing. Often I imagine
                                crimes that aren’t really there. You would be wise to
                                ignore my weak guesses and imaginary suspicions, and
                                don’t worry yourself about the meaningless things
                                I’ve noticed. For me to tell you my thoughts would only
                                destroy your peace of mind, and