The clock struck nine when I did send the Nurse.In half an hour she promised to return.Perchance she cannot meet him. That’s not so.Oh, she is lame! Love’s heralds should be thoughts,Which ten times faster glide than the sun’s beams,Driving back shadows over louring hills.Therefore do nimble-pinioned doves draw loveAnd therefore hath the wind-swift Cupid wings.Now is the sun upon the highmost hillOf this day’s journey, and from nine till twelveIs three long hours, yet she is not come.Had she affections and warm youthful blood,She would be as swift in motion as a ball.My words would bandy her to my sweet love,And his to me.But old folks, many feign as they were dead,Unwieldy, slow, heavy, and pale as lead.O God, she comes.—O honey Nurse, what news?Hast thou met with him? Send thy man away.Peter, stay at the gate.Now, good sweet Nurse— O Lord, why look’st
                                thou sad?Though news be sad, yet tell them merrily.If good, thou shamest the music of sweet newsBy playing it to me with so sour a face.#LBSFORGOLDI sent the Nurse at nine o'clock. Maybe she
                                can’t find him. That can’t be. Oh, she’s
                                slow! Love’s messengers should be thoughts, which fly ten
                                times faster than sunbeams. They should be strong enough to push
                                shadows over the dark hills. That’s the way doves carry
                                Venus so fast, and that’s why Cupid has wings that let him
                                fly as fast as the wind. Now it’s noon. That’s
                                three hours since nine o'clock, but she hasn’t
                                come back. If she was young and passionate, she’d move as
                                fast as a ball. My words would bounce her to my sweet love, and his
                                words would bounce her back to me. But a lot of old people act like
                                they’re already dead—sluggish, slow, fat, and
                                colorless, like lead.Oh my God, here she comes! Oh sweet Nurse, what news do you bring?
                                Have you spoken to him? Send your man away.Peter, wait for me at the gate.Now, good sweet Nurse—Oh Lord, why do you look so sad?
                                Even if the news is sad, tell me with a smile on your face. If the
                                news is good, you’re ruining the sweet news by playing a
                                trick with a sour face like that.