Seigneur Valentio and his cousin Tybalt;Lucio and the lively Helena.”A fair assembly. Whither should they come?Up.Whither? To supper?To our house.Whose house?My master’s.Indeed, I should have asked thee that before.Now I’ll tell you without asking. My master is the great
                                rich 
Capulet, and if you be not of the house of Montagues, I pray
come and crush a cup of wine. Rest you merry!
At this same ancient feast of Capulet’sSups the fair Rosaline whom thou so lovesWith all the admired beauties of Verona.Go thither, and with unattainted eyeCompare her face with some that I shall show,And I will make thee think thy swan a crow.When the devout religion of mine eyeMaintains such falsehood, then turn tears to fires,And these, who, often drowned, could never die,Transparent heretics, be burnt for liars!One fairer than my love? The all-seeing sunNe'er saw her match since first the world begun.#LBSFORGOLDSignor Valentio and his cousin Tybalt,Lucio and the lively Helena.”That’s a nice group of people. Where are they supposed to
                                come?Up.Where? To supper?To our house.Whose house?My master’s house.Indeed, I should have asked you before who he was.Now I’ll tell you so you don’t have to ask. My
                                master is the great and rich Capulet, and if you don’t
                                belong to the house of Montague, please come and drink a cup of
                                wine. Have a nice day!The beautiful Rosaline whom you love so much will be at
                                Capulet’s traditional feast, along with every beautiful
                                woman in Verona. Go there and compare her objectively to some other
                                girls I’ll show you. The woman who you think is as
                                beautiful as a swan is going to look as ugly as a crow to
                            you.If my eyes ever lie to me like that, let my tears turn into flames
                                and burn them for being such obvious liars! A woman more beautiful
                                than the one I love? The sun itself has never seen anyone as
                                beautiful since the world began.