   By'r Lady, thirty
                                years.What, man, ’tis not so much, ’tis not so much.'Tis since the nuptials of Lucentio,Come Pentecost as quickly as it will,Some five and twenty years, and then we masked.'Tis more, ’tis more. His son is elder, sir.His son is thirty.   Will you tell me that?His son was but a ward two years ago.
(to a
                                SERVINGMAN) What lady is that which
                                doth enrich the handOf yonder knight?   I know not, sir.Oh, she doth teach the torches to burn bright!It seems she hangs upon the cheek of nightLike a rich jewel in an Ethiope’s ear,Beauty too rich for use, for earth too dear.So shows a snowy dove trooping with crowsAs yonder lady o'er her fellows shows.The measure done, I’ll watch her place of stand,And, touching hers, make blessèd my rude hand.Did my heart love till now? Forswear it, sight!For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night.#LBSFORGOLDI swear, it must be thirty years.What, man? It’s not that long, it’s not that
                                long. It’s been since Lucentio’s wedding. Let the
                                years fly by as fast as they like, it’s only been
                                twenty-five years since we wore masks.It’s been longer, it’s been longer.
                                Lucentio’s son is older than that, sir. He’s
                                thirty years old.Are you really going to tell me that? His son was a minor only two
                                years ago.
(to a
                                SERVINGMAN) Who is the girl on the
                                arm of that lucky knight over there?I don’t know, sir.Oh, she shows the torches how to burn bright! She stands out
                                against the darkness like a jeweled earring hanging against the
                                cheek of an African. Her beauty is too good for this world;
                                she’s too beautiful to die and be buried. She outshines the
                                other women like a white dove in the middle of a flock of crows.
                                When this dance is over, I’ll see where she stands, and
                                then I’ll touch her hand with my rough and ugly one. Did my
                                heart ever love anyone before this moment? My eyes were liars, then,
                                because I never saw true beauty before tonight.