Your plantain leaf is excellent for that.For what, I pray thee?For your broken shin.Why Romeo, art thou mad?Not mad, but bound more than a madman is,Shut up in prison, kept without my food,Whipped and tormented and—Good e'en, good
                                fellow.God 'i' good e'en. I pray, sir, can you
                                read?Ay, mine own fortune in my misery.Perhaps you have learned it without book. But I
pray, can you read anything you see?
Ay, if I know the letters and the language.Ye say honestly. Rest you merry.Stay, fellow. I can read.
                                (he reads the
                                    letter)
“Seigneur Martino and his wife and daughters;County Anselme and his beauteous sisters;The lady widow of Vitruvio;Seigneur Placentio and his lovely nieces;Mercutio and his brother Valentine;Mine uncle Capulet, his wife and daughters;My fair niece Rosaline and Livia;#LBSFORGOLDThe plantainThe plantain leaf was thought to have healing powers.plantain leaf is excellent for that.For what, Romeo?For when you cut your shin.What? Romeo, are you crazy?I’m not crazy, but I’m tied up tighter than a
                                mental patient in a straitjacket. I’m locked up in a prison
                                and deprived of food. I’m whipped and
                                tortured—(to
                                PETER) Good evening, good
                            fellow.May God give you a good evening. Excuse me, sir, do you know how
                                to read?I can read my own fortune in my misery.Perhaps you’ve learned from life and not from books. But
                                please tell me, can you read anything you see?Yes, if I know the language and the letters.I see. Well, that’s an honest answerPeter assumes Romeo means he does not know his letters.honest answer. Have a nice day.Stay, fellow. I can read.
                                (he reads the
                                    letter)
“Signor Martino and his wife and daughters,Count Anselme and his beautiful sisters,Vitruvio’s widow,Signor Placentio and his lovely nieces,Mercutio and his brother Valentine,My uncle Capulet and his wife and daughters,My fair niece Rosaline and Livia,