O, break, my hear, poor bankrupt, break at once!To prison, eyes, ne'er look on liberty.Vile earth, to earth resign. End motion here,And thou and Romeo press one heavy bier.O Tybalt, Tybalt, the best friend I had!O courteous Tybalt! Honest gentleman!That ever I should live to see thee dead.What storm is this that blows so contrary?Is Romeo slaughtered, and is Tybalt dead?My dearest cousin and my dearer lord?Then, dreadful trumpet, sound the general doom!For who is living if those two are gone?Tybalt is gone, and Romeo banishèd.Romeo that killed him—he is
                            banishèd.O God, did Romeo’s hand shed Tybalt’s
                            blood?It did, it did. Alas the day, it did.O serpent heart hid with a flowering face!Did ever dragon keep so fair a cave?Beautiful tyrant! Fiend angelical!Dove-feathered raven, wolvish-ravening lamb!Despisèd substance of divinest show,Just opposite to what thou justly seem’st.A damnèd saint, an honorable villain!O nature, what hadst thou to do in hellWhen thou didst bower the spirit of a fiendIn moral paradise of such sweet flesh?Was ever book containing such vile matterSo fairly bound? Oh, that deceit should dwellIn such a gorgeous palace!#LBSFORGOLDOh, my heart is breaking. Oh, my bankrupt heart is breaking.
                                I’ll send my eyes to prison, and they’ll never be
                                free to look at anything again. I’ll give my vile body back
                                to the earth. I’ll never move again. My body and
                                Romeo’s will lie together in one sad coffin.Oh, Tybalt, Tybalt, he was the best friend I had. Oh, polite
                                Tybalt, he was an honorable gentleman. I wish I had not lived long
                                enough to see him die.What disaster is this? Has Romeo been killed, and is Tybalt dead
                                too? Tybalt was my dearest cousin. Romeo was even dearer to me as my
                                husband. Let the trumpets play the song of doom, because who can be
                                alive if those two are gone?Tybalt is dead, and Romeo has been banished. Romeo killed Tybalt,
                                and his punishment was banishment.Oh God, did Romeo’s hand shed Tybalt’s
                            blood?It did, it did. Curse the day this happened, but it did.Oh, he’s like a snake disguised as a flower. Did a dragon
                                ever hide in such a beautiful cave? He’s a beautiful tyrant
                                and a fiendish angel! He’s a raven with the feathers of the
                                dove. He’s a lamb who hunts like a wolf! I hate him, yet he
                                seemed the most wonderful man. He’s turned out to be the
                                exact opposite of what he seemed. He’s a saint who should
                                be damned. He’s a villain who seemed honorable. Oh nature,
                                what were you doing in hell? Why did you put the soul of a criminal
                                in the perfect body of a man? Was there ever such an evil book with
                                such a beautiful cover? Oh, I can’t believe the deepest
                                evil lurked inside something so beautiful!