That shows thee a weak slave, for the weakest goes
to the wall.
'Tis true, and therefore women, being the weaker
                                vessels,
are ever thrust to the wall. Therefore I will push
Montague’s men from the wall, and thrust his maids
to the wall.
The quarrel is between our masters and us their men.'Tis all one. I will show myself a tyrant. When I
have fought with the men, I will be civil with the
maids. I will cut off their heads.
The heads of the maids?Ay, the heads of the maids, or their maidenheads.Take it in what sense thou wilt.They must take it in sense that feel it.Me they shall feel while I am able to stand, and’tis known I am a pretty piece of flesh.'Tis well thou art not fish. If thou hadst, thou hadst
                                been poor-john.Draw thy tool! Here comes of the house of Montagues.My naked weapon is out. Quarrel! I will back thee.#LBSFORGOLDThat means you’re the weak one, because weaklings get
                                pushed up against the wall.You’re right. That’s why girls get pushed up
                                against walls—they’re weak. So what
                                I’ll do is push the Montague men into the street and the
                                Montague women up against the wall.The fight is between our masters, and we men who work for
                            them.It’s all the same. I’ll be a harsh master to
                                them. After I fight the men, I’ll be nice to the
                                women—I’ll cut off their heads.Cut off their heads? You mean their maidenheads“Maidenhead” = virginity.maidenheads?Cut off their heads, take their maidenheads—whatever.
                                Take my remark in whichever sense you like.The women you rape are the ones who’ll have to
                                “sense” it.They’ll feel me as long as I can keep an erection.
                                Everybody knows I’m a nice piece of flesh.It’s a good thing you’re not a piece of fish.
                                You’re dried and shriveledThey are joking about Sampson’s private parts.dried and shriveled like salted fish. Pull out your tool now. These guys are from the house of
                            Montague.I have my naked sword out. Fight, I’ll back you
                            up.