This, by his voice, should be a Montague.—
(to his
                                PAGE) Fetch me my rapier,
                                boy.—What, dares the slaveCome hither, covered with an antic face,To fleer and scorn at our solemnity?Now, by the stock and honor of my kin,To strike him dead I hold it not a sin.Why, how now, kinsman? Wherefore storm you so?Uncle, this is a Montague, our foe,A villain that is hither come in spiteTo scorn at our solemnity this night.Young Romeo is it?     'Tis
                                he, that villain Romeo.Content thee, gentle coz. Let him alone.He bears him like a portly gentleman,And, to say truth, Verona brags of himTo be a virtuous and well-governed youth.I would not for the wealth of all the townHere in my house do him disparagement.Therefore be patient. Take no note of him.It is my will, the which if thou respect,Show a fair presence and put off these frowns,An ill-beseeming semblance for a feast.#LBSFORGOLDI can tell by his voice that this man is a Montague.
                                (to his
                                PAGE) Get me my sword,
                                boy.—What, does this
                                peasant dare to come here with his face covered by a mask to sneer
                                at and scorn our celebration? Now, by the honor of our family, I do
                                not consider it a crime to kill him.Why, what’s going on here, nephew? Why are you acting so
                                angry?Uncle, this man is a Montague—our enemy. He’s
                                a scoundrel who’s come here out of spite to mock our
                            party.Is it young Romeo?That’s him, that villain Romeo.Calm down, gentle cousin. Leave him alone. He carries himself like
                                a dignified gentleman, and, to tell you the truth, he has a
                                reputation throughout Verona as a virtuous and well-behaved young
                                man. I wouldn’t insult him in my own house for all the
                                wealth in this town. So calm down. Just ignore him. That’s
                                what I want, and if you respect my wishes, you’ll look nice
                                and stop frowning because that’s not the way you should
                                behave at a feast.