Yes, madam. Yet I cannot choose but laughTo think it should leave crying and say
                                “ay.”And yet, I warrant, it had upon its browA bump as big as a young cockerel’s stone,A perilous knock, and it cried bitterly.“Yea,” quoth my husband,
                                “Fall’st upon thy face?Thou wilt fall backward when thou comest to age.Wilt thou not, Jule?” It stinted and said
                                “ay.”And stint thou too, I pray thee, Nurse, say I.Peace, I have done. God mark thee to his grace!Thou wast the prettiest babe that e'er I nursed.An I might live to see thee married once,I have my wish.Marry, that “marry” is the very themeI came to talk of. Tell me, daughter Juliet,How stands your disposition to be married?It is an honor that I dream not of.An honor! Were not I thine only nurse,I would say thou hadst sucked wisdom from thy teat.Well, think of marriage now. Younger than youHere in Verona, ladies of esteemAre made already mothers. By my count,I was your mother much upon these yearsThat you are now a maid. Thus then in brief:The valiant Paris seeks you for his love.A man, young lady! Lady, such a manAs all the world. Why, he’s a man of wax.#LBSFORGOLDYes ,madam. But I can’t help laughing to think that the
                                baby stopped crying and said, “Yes.” I
                                swear, she had a bump on her forehead as big as a rooster’s
                                testicle. It was a painful bruise, and she was crying bitterly.
                                “Yes,” said my husband, “Did you
                                fall on your face? You’ll fall backward when you grow up,
                                won’t you, Jule?” And she stopped crying and
                                said, “Yes.”Now you stop too, Nurse, please.Peace. I’m done talking. May God choose you to receive
                                his grace. You were the prettiest baby I ever nursed. If I live to
                                see you get married someday, all my wishes will come true.Well, marriage is exactly what we have to discuss. Tell me, my
                                daughter Juliet, what is your attitude about getting married?It is an honor that I do not dream of.“An honor?” If I weren’t your
                                only nurse, I’d say you had sucked wisdom from the breast
                                that fed you.Well, start thinking about marriage now. Here in Verona there are
                                girls younger than you—girls from noble
                                families—who have already become mothers. By my count, I
                                was already your mother at just about your age, while you remain a
                                virgin. Well then, I’ll say this quickly: the valiant Paris
                                wants you as his bride.What a man, young lady. He’s as great a man as any in the
                                whole world. He’s as perfect as if he were sculpted from
                                wax.