I am aweary. Give me leave awhile.Fie, how my bones ache! What a jaunt have I!I would thou hadst my bones and I thy news.Nay, come, I pray thee, speak. Good, good Nurse, speak.Jesu, what haste! Can you not stay awhile?Do you not see that I am out of breath?How art thou out of breath when thou hast breathTo say to me that thou art out of breath?The excuse that thou dost make in this delayIs longer than the tale thou dost excuse.Is thy news good, or bad? Answer to that.Say either, and I’ll stay the circumstance.Let me be satisfied. Is ’t good or bad?Well, you have made a simple choice. You know not how to choose a
                                man. Romeo! No, not he, though his face be better than any
                                man’s, yet his leg excels all men’s, and for a
                                hand and a foot and a body, though they be not to be talked on, yet
                                they are past compare. He is not the flower of courtesy, but,
                                I’ll warrant him, as gentle as a lamb. Go thy ways, wench.
                                Serve God. What, have you dined at home?No, no. But all this did I know before.What says he of our marriage? What of that?Lord, how my head aches! What a head have I!It beats as it would fall in twenty pieces.My back a' t' other side. Ah, my back, my back!Beshrew your heart for sending me about,To catch my death with jaunting up and down!#LBSFORGOLDI am tired. Leave me alone for a minute. Oh my, my bones ache so
                                much. I’ve been running all over the place.I wish you had my bones, and I had your news. Come on now, I beg
                                you, speak, good Nurse, speak.Sweet Jesus, you’re in such a hurry! Can’t you
                                wait for a moment? Don’t you see that I’m out of
                                breath?How can you be out of breath when you have enough breath to tell
                                me that you’re out of breath? The excuse you make to delay
                                the news is longer than the news itself. Is the news good or bad?
                                Answer that question. Tell me if it’s good or bad, and
                                I’ll wait for the details. Tell me so I can be satisfied.
                                Is it good or bad?Well, you have made a foolish choice. You don’t know how
                                to pick a man. Romeo? No, not him, though his face is more handsome
                                than any man’s, and his legs are prettier, and as for his
                                hands and feet and body, they’re not much to speak of, and
                                yet they’re beyond compare. He’s not the most
                                polite man in the world, but, believe me, he’s gentle as a
                                lamb. Well, do what you want. Be good. Have you had lunch
                            yet?No, I haven’t had lunch. Everything you told me I already
                                knew. What does he say about our marriage? What about that?Lord, what a headache I’ve got! My head is pounding. It
                                feels like it’ll break into twenty pieces. My back aches
                                too—(JULIET
                                rubs her back) Ooh, on the other
                                side—ah, my poor aching back! Curse your heart for
                                sending me running all over town. I could get sick and die.