Be plain, good son, and homely in thy drift.Riddling confession finds but riddling shrift.Then plainly know my heart’s dear love is setOn the fair daughter of rich Capulet.As mine on hers, so hers is set on mine,And all combined, save what thou must combineBy holy marriage. When and where and howWe met, we wooed and made exchange of vow,I’ll tell thee as we pass, but this I pray:That thou consent to marry us today.Holy Saint Francis, what a change is here!Is Rosaline, whom thou didst love so dear,So soon forsaken? Young men’s love then liesNot truly in their hearts, but in their eyes.Jesu Maria, what a deal of brineHath washed thy sallow cheeks for Rosaline!How much salt water thrown away in wasteTo season love that of it doth not taste!The sun not yet thy sighs from heaven clears,Thy old groans ring yet in my ancient ears.Lo, here upon thy cheek the stain doth sitOf an old tear that is not washed off yet.If e'er thou wast thyself and these woes thine,Thou and these woes were all for Rosaline.And art thou changed? Pronounce this sentence then:Women may fall when there’s no strength in men.Thou chid’st me oft for loving Rosaline.For doting, not for loving, pupil mine.And badest me bury love.#LBSFORGOLDSpeak plainly, make your meaning clear, my son. A jumbled
                                confession can only receive a jumbled absolution.I love rich Capulet’s daughter. I love her, and she loves
                                me. We’re bound to each other in every possible way, except
                                we need you to marry us. I’ll tell you more later about
                                when and where we met, how we fell in love, and how we exchanged
                                promises, but now I’m begging you: please, agree to marry
                                us today.Holy Saint Francis, this is a drastic change! Have you given up so
                                quickly on Rosaline, whom you loved so much? Then young men love
                                with their eyes, not with their hearts. Jesus and Mary, how many
                                tears did you cry for Rosaline? How many salty tear-drops did you
                                waste salting a love you never tasted? The sun hasn’t yet
                                melted away the fog you made with all your sighs. The groans you
                                used to make are still ringing in my old ears. There’s
                                still a stain on your cheek from an old tear that hasn’t
                                been washed off yet. If you were ever yourself, and this sadness was
                                yours, you and your sadness were all for Rosaline. And now
                                you’ve changed? Then repeat this after me: you
                                can’t expect women to be faithful when men are so
                                unreliable.You scolded me often for loving Rosaline.I scolded you for obsessing about her, not for loving her, my
                                student.And you told me to bury my love.