So smile the heavens upon this holy actThat after-hours with sorrow chide us not.Amen, amen. But come what sorrow can,It cannot countervail the exchange of joyThat one short minute gives me in her sight.Do thou but close our hands with holy words,Then love-devouring death do what he dare;It is enough I may but call her mine.These violent delights have violent endsAnd in their triumph die, like fire and powder,Which, as they kiss, consume. The sweetest honeyIs loathsome in his own deliciousnessAnd in the taste confounds the appetite.Therefore love moderately. Long love doth so.Too swift arrives as tardy as too slow.Here comes the lady. Oh, so light a footWill ne'er wear out the everlasting flint.A lover may bestride the gossamersThat idles in the wanton summer air,And yet not fall. So light is vanity.Good even to my ghostly confessor.Romeo shall thank thee, daughter, for us both.#LBSFORGOLDMay the heavens be happy with this holy act of marriage, so
                                nothing unfortunate happens later to make us regret it.Amen, amen. But whatever misfortunes occur, they can’t
                                ruin the joy I feel with one look at her. All you have to do is join
                                our hands with holy words, then love-destroying death can do
                                whatever it pleases. It’s enough for me if I can call her
                                mine.These sudden joys have sudden endings. They burn up in victory
                                like fire and gunpowder. When they meet, as in a kiss, they explode.
                                Too much honey is delicious, but it makes you sick to your stomach.
                                Therefore, love each other in moderation. That is the key to
                                long-lasting love. Too fast is as bad as too slow.Here comes the lady. Oh,a footstep as light as hers will never
                                endure the rocky road of life. Lovers are so light they can walk on
                                a spiderweb floating on a summer breeze, and yet not fall.
                                That’s how flimsy and unreal pleasure is.Good evening, my spiritual confessor.Romeo will thank you, my girl, for both of us.