Now God in heaven bless thee! Hark you, sir.What sayst thou, my dear Nurse?Is your man secret? Did you ne'er hear say,“Two may keep counsel, putting one
                            away”?Warrant thee, my man’s as true as steel.Well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest lady.—Lord,
                                Lord! when ’twas a little prating thing.—Oh,
                                there is a nobleman in town, one Paris, that would fain lay knife
                                aboard, but she, good soul, had as lief see a toad, a very toad, as
                                see him. I anger her sometimes and tell her that Paris is the
                                properer man. But, I’ll warrant you, when I say so, she
                                looks as pale as any clout in the versal world. Doth not
                                rosemary and
                                Romeo begin both with a
                            letter?Ay, Nurse, what of that? Both with an
                                R.Ah, mocker, that’s the dog’s name.
                                R is for the—No, I know
                                it begins with some other letter, and she hath the prettiest
                                sententious of it, of you and rosemary, that it would do you good to
                                hear it.Commend me to thy lady.Ay, a thousand times.—Peter!Anon!Before and apace.#LBSFORGOLDMay God in heaven bless you. Now please listen, sir.What do you have to say, my dear Nurse?Can your man keep a secret? Haven’t you ever heard the
                                saying, “Two can conspire to put one
                            away”?I assure you, my man is as true as steel.Well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest lady. Lord, Lord, when she
                                was a little baby—Oh, there is one nobleman in the city,
                                a guy named Paris, who would be happy to claim her as his own.
                                Juliet would rather look at a toad than at him. I make her angry
                                sometimes by saying that Paris is more handsome than you are. But
                                when I say so, I swear she turns white as a sheet. Don’t “rosemaryRosemary was a token of remembrance between lovers and for the dead.rosemary” and “Romeo” begin with
                                the same letter?Yes, Nurse, what about that? They both begin with the letter
                                “R.”Ah, you jokester—that’s the dog’s
                                name. “R” is for the—no, I know
                                it begins with another letter. She says the most beautiful things
                                about you and rosemary. It would be good for you to hear the things
                                she says.Give my compliments to your lady.Yes, a thousand times. Peter!I’m ready.
(giving PETER
                                her fan) Go ahead. Go quickly.