Nurse, commend me to thy lady and mistress. I protest unto
                                thee—Good heart, and i' faith, I will tell her as much. Lord,
                                Lord, she will be a joyful woman.What wilt thou tell her, Nurse? Thou dost not mark me.I will tell her, sir, that you do protest, which, as I take it, is
                                a gentlemanlike offer.Bid her deviseSome means to come to shrift this afternoon.And there she shall at Friar Lawrence' cellBe shrived and married.
                                (gives her
                                coins)
                                Here is for thy pains.No, truly, sir. Not a penny.Go to. I say you shall.
(takes the money) This afternoon,
                                sir? Well, she shall be there.And stay, good Nurse. Behind the abbey wallWithin this hour my man shall be with theeAnd bring thee cords made like a tackled stair,Which to the high top-gallant of my joyMust be my convoy in the secret night.Farewell. Be trusty, and I’ll quit thy pains.Farewell. Commend me to thy mistress.#LBSFORGOLDNurse, give my regards to to your lady. I swear to
                                you—You have a good heart, and believe me, I’ll tell her
                                that. Lord, Lord, she’ll be a happy woman.What are you going to tell her, Nurse? You’re not paying
                                attention to me.Sir, I’ll tell her that you protestHere the Nurse makes another malapropism, saying “protest” when she means “propose.”.protest to her, which I think is the gentlemanly thing to
                            do..Tell her to devise a plan to get out of her house and come to
                                confession at the abbey this afternoon. At Friar Lawrence’s
                                cell she can make confession and be married.
                                (giving her coins) Here is a reward
                                for your efforts.No, really, I won’t take a penny.Go on, I insist you take it.
(taking the money) This afternoon,
                                sir? She’ll be there.Wait good Nurse. Within an hour, one of my men will come to you
                                behind the abbey wall and give you a rope ladder. I’ll use
                                the rope ladder to climb over the walls at night. Then I’ll
                                meet Juliet joyfully and in secret. Goodbye. Be honest and helpful,
                                and I’ll repay you for your efforts. Goodbye. Sing my
                                praises to your mistress.