If I may trust the flattering truth of sleep,My dreams presage some joyful news at hand.My bosom’s lord sits lightly in his throne,And all this day an unaccustomed spiritLifts me above the ground with cheerful thoughts.I dreamt my lady came and found me dead—Strange dream, that gives a dead man leave to think—And breathed such life with kisses in my lipsThat I revived and was an emperor.Ah me! How sweet is love itself possessedWhen but love’s shadows are so rich in joy!News from Verona!—How now, Balthasar?Dost thou not bring me letters from the friar?How doth my lady? Is my father well?How fares my Juliet? That I ask again,For nothing can be ill if she be well.Then she is well, and nothing can be ill.Her body sleeps in Capels' monument,And her immortal part with angels lives.I saw her laid low in her kindred’s vaultAnd presently took post to tell it you.O, pardon me for bringing these ill news,Since you did leave it for my office, sir.#LBSFORGOLDIf I can trust my dreams, then some joyful news is coming soon.
                                Love rules my heart, and all day long a strange feeling has been
                                making me cheerful. I had a dream that my lady came and found me
                                dead. It’s a strange dream that lets a dead man think! She
                                came and brought me back to life by kissing my lips. I rose from the
                                dead and was an emperor. Oh my! How sweet it would be to actually
                                have the woman I love, when merely thinking about love makes me so
                                happy.Do you have news from Verona!—What is it, Balthasar?
                                Do you bring me a letter from the friar? How is my wife? Is my
                                father well? How is my Juliet? I ask that again because nothing can
                                be wrong if she is well.Then she is well, and nothing is wrong. Her body sleeps in the
                                Capulet tomb, and her immortal soul lives with the angels in heaven.
                                I saw her buried in her family’s tomb, and then I came here
                                to tell you the news. Oh, pardon me for bringing this bad news, but
                                you told me it was my job, sir.