By and by, I come.—To cease thy strife and leave me to my grief.Tomorrow will I send.So thrive my soul—A thousand times good night!A thousand times the worse to want thy light.Love goes toward love as schoolboys from their books,But love from love, toward school with heavy looks.Hist! Romeo, hist!—Oh, for a falconer’s
                                voice,To lure this tassel-gentle back again!Bondage is hoarse, and may not speak aloud,Else would I tear the cave where Echo lies,And make her airy tongue more hoarse than mine,With repetition of “My Romeo!”It is my soul that calls upon my name.How silver-sweet sound lovers' tongues by night,Like softest music to attending ears!#LBSFORGOLDAlright, I’m coming!—I beg you to stop trying
                                for me and leave me to my sadness. Tomorrow I’ll send the
                                messenger.My soul depends on it—A thousand times good night.Leaving you is a thousand times worse than being near you. A lover
                                goes toward his beloved as enthusiastically as a schoolboy leaving
                                his books, but when he leaves his girlfriend, he feels as miserable
                                as the schoolboy on his way to school.Hist, Romeo! Hist! Oh, I wish I could make a falconer’sJuliet is trying to call to Romeo as if he was a falcon.falconer’s call, so I could bring my little falcon back again.
                                I’m trapped in my family’s house, so I must be
                                quiet. Otherwise I would rip open the cave where EchoEcho, a mythical woman who was scorned by Narcissus, withered with sadness repeating his name, and after her death, her voice still reverberated in caves, which is why we have the word “echo.”Echo sleeps. I would make her repeat his name until her voice
                                grew more hoarse than mine by repeating, “My
                                Romeo!”My soul is calling out my name. The sound of lovers calling each
                                others names through the night is silver-sweet. It’s the
                                sweetest sound a lover ever hears.