A sick man in sadness makes his will,A word ill urged to one that is so ill.In sadness, cousin, I do love a woman.I aimed so near when I supposed you loved.A right good markman! And she’s fair I love.A right fair mark, fair coz, is soonest hit.Well, in that hit you miss. She’ll not be hitWith Cupid’s arrow. She hath Dian’s wit.And, in strong proof of chastity well armedFrom love’s weak childish bow, she lives uncharmed.She will not stay the siege of loving terms,Nor bide th' encounter of assailing eyes,Nor ope her lap to saint-seducing gold.Oh, she is rich in beauty, only poorThat when she dies, with beauty dies her store.Then she hath sworn that she will still live chaste?She hath, and in that sparing makes huge waste,For beauty, starved with her severity,Cuts beauty off from all posterity.She is too fair, too wise, wisely too fair,To merit bliss by making me despair.She hath forsworn to love, and in that vowDo I live dead that live to tell it now.Be ruled by me. Forget to think of her.O, teach me how I should forget to think!#LBSFORGOLDYou wouldn’t tell a sick man he
                                “seriously” has to make his
                                will—it would just make him worse. Seriously, cousin, I
                                love a woman.I guessed that already when I guessed you were in love.Then you were right on target. The woman I love is
                            beautiful.A beautiful target is the one that gets hit the fastest.Well, you’re not on target there. She refuses to be hit
                                by Cupid’sCupid, the Roman god of love, shoots arrows at humans that make them fall in love. Diana is the Roman goddess of virginity and hunting.Cupid’s arrow. She’s as clever as Diana, and shielded by
                                the armor of chastity. She can’t be touched by the weak and
                                childish arrows of love. She won’t listen to words of love,
                                or let you look at her with loving eyes, or open her lap to receive
                                gifts of gold. She’s rich in beauty, but she’s
                                also poor, because when she dies her beauty will be destroyed with
                                her.So she’s made a vow to be a virgin forever?Yes she has, and by keeping celibate, she wastes her beauty. If
                                you starve yourself of sex you can’t ever have children,
                                and so your beauty is lost to future generations. She’s too
                                beautiful and too wise to deserve heaven’s blessing by
                                making me despair. She’s sworn off love, and that promise
                                has left me alive but dead, living only to talk about it now.Take my advice. Don’t think about her.Teach me to forget to think!