Her chariot is an empty hazelnutMade by the joiner squirrel or old grub,Time out o' mind the fairies' coachmakers.And in this state she gallops night by nightThrough lovers' brains, and then they dream of love;On courtiers' knees, that dream on curtsies straight;O'er lawyers' fingers, who straight dream on
                                fees;O'er ladies' lips, who straight on kisses dream,Which oft the angry Mab with blisters plagues,Because their breaths with sweetmeats tainted are.Sometime she gallops o'er a courtier’s nose,And then dreams he of smelling out a suit.And sometime comes she with a tithe-pig’s tailTickling a parson’s nose as he lies asleep,Then he dreams of another benefice.Sometime she driveth o'er a soldier’s neck,And then dreams he of cutting foreign throats,Of breaches, ambuscadoes, Spanish blades,Of healths five fathom deep, and then anonDrums in his ear, at which he starts and wakes,And being thus frighted swears a prayer or twoAnd sleeps again. This is that very MabThat plaits the manes of horses in the nightAnd bakes the elflocks in foul sluttish hairs,Which once untangled, much misfortune bodes.This is the hag, when maids lie on their backs,That presses them and learns them first to bear,Making them women of good carriage.This is she—   Peace, peace, Mercutio,
                                peace!Thou talk’st of nothing.     True,
                                I talk of dreams,Which are the children of an idle brain,Begot of nothing but vain fantasy,Which is as thin of substance as the airAnd more inconstant than the wind, who woosEven now the frozen bosom of the north,And, being angered, puffs away from thence,Turning his face to the dew-dropping south.#LBSFORGOLDHer chariot is a hazelnut shell. It was made by a carpenter
                                squirrel or an old grubworm; they’ve made wagons for the
                                fairies as long as anyone can remember. In this royal wagon, she
                                rides every night through the brains of lovers and makes them dream
                                about love. She rides over courtiers' knees, and they dream
                                about curtsying. She rides over lawyers' fingers, and right
                                away, they dream about their fees. She rides over ladies'
                                lips, and they immediately dream of kisses. Queen Mab often puts
                                blisters on their lips because their breath smells like candy, which
                                makes her mad. Sometimes she rides over a courtier’s lips,
                                and he dreams of making money off of someone. Sometimes she tickles
                                a priest’s nose with a tithe-pigsA tithe-pig was a pig given to the church to support a priest.tithe-pigs tail, and he dreams of a large donation. Sometimes she rides
                                over a soldier’s neck, and he dreams of cutting the throats
                                of foreign enemies, of breaking down walls, of ambushes, of Spanish
                                swords, and of enormous cups of liquor. And then, drums beat in his
                                ear and he wakes up. He’s frightened, so he says a couple
                                of prayers and goes back to sleep. She is the same Mab who tangles
                                the hair in horses' manes at night and makes the tangles
                                hard in the dirty hairs, which bring bad luck if they’re
                                untangled. Mab is the old hag who gives false sex dreams to virgins
                                and teaches them how to hold a lover and bear a child.
                                She’s the one—Enough, enough! Mercutio, be quiet. You’re talking
                                nonsense.True. I’m talking about dreams, which are the products of
                                a brain that’s doing nothing. Dreams are nothing but silly
                                imagination, as thin as air, and less predictable than the wind,
                                which sometimes blows on the frozen north and then gets angry and
                                blows south.