Oh, thou wilt speak again of banishment.I’ll give thee armor to keep off that word—Adversity’s sweet milk, philosophy—To comfort thee though thou art banishèd.Yet “banishèd”? Hang up
                                philosophy!Unless philosophy can make a Juliet,Displant a town, reverse a prince’s doom,It helps not, it prevails not. Talk no more.Oh, then I see that madmen have no ears.How should they, when that wise men have no eyes?Let me dispute with thee of thy estate.Thou canst not speak of that thou dost not feel.Wert thou as young as I, Juliet thy love,An hour but married, Tybalt murderèd,Doting like me, and like me banishèd,Then mightst thou speak, then mightst thou tear thy hairAnd fall upon the ground, as I do now,Taking the measure of an unmade grave.Arise. One knocks. Good Romeo, hide thyself.#LBSFORGOLDOh, you’re just going to talk about banishment
                            again.I’ll give you protection from that word. I’ll
                                give you the antidote for trouble: philosophy. Philosophy will
                                comfort you even though you’ve been banished.You’re still talking about
                                “banished?” Forget about philosophy! Unless
                                philosophy can create a Juliet, or pick up a town and put it
                                somewhere else, or reverse a prince’s punishment, it
                                doesn’t do me any good. Don’t say anything
                            else.Oh, so madmen like you are also deaf.How should madmen hear, if wise men can’t even
                            see?Let me talk to you about your situation.You can’t talk about something that you don’t
                                feel. If you were as young as I am, if you were in love with Juliet,
                                if you had just married her an hour ago, if then you murdered
                                Tybalt, if you were lovesick like me, and if you were banished, then
                                you might talk about it. You might also tear your hair out of your
                                head and collapse to the ground the way I do right now.
                                (ROMEO
                                falls on
                                    the ground)
                                You might kneel down and measure the grave that hasn’t yet
                                been dug.Get up. Somebody’s knocking. Hide yourself, good
                            Romeo.