I stretch it out for that word “broad,”
                                which, added to the goose, proves thee far and wide a broad
                            goose.Why, is not this better now than groaning for love? Now art thou
                                sociable. Now art thou Romeo. Now art thou what thou
                                art—by art as well as by nature, for this driveling love
                                is like a great natural that runs lolling up and down to hide his
                                bauble in a hole.Stop there, stop there.Thou desirest me to stop in my tale against the hair.Thou wouldst else have made thy tale large.Oh, thou art deceived. I would have made it short, for I was come
                                to the whole depth of my tale, and meant, indeed, to occupy the
                                argument no longer.Here’s goodly gear.A sail, a sail!Two, two—a shirt and a smock.Peter!#LBSFORGOLDI stretch my joke for that word “fat.” If
                                you add that word to the word “goose,” it
                                shows that you are a fat goose.Why, isn’t all this joking better than groaning about
                                love? Now you’re sociable. Now you’re Romeo. Now
                                you are what you’ve learned to be and what you are
                                naturally. This love of yours was like a blithering idiot who runs
                                up and down looking for a hole to hide his toyToy = a double entendre for penistoy in.Stop there, stop there.You want me to stop my taleTale = a double entendre for penistale before I’m done.Otherwise your tale would have gotten too long.Oh, you’re wrong. I would have made it short. I had come
                                to the deepest part of my tale, and I planned to say nothing more on
                                the topic.Here’s something good.
A sail, a sail!Benvolio makes the cry of a sailor who spots another ship on the horizon because the nurse is fat and sily-looking.A sail, a sail!
There’s two—a man and a woman.Peter!