   Hold thy desperate hand.Art thou a man? Thy form cries out thou art.Thy tears are womanish. Thy wild acts denoteThe unreasonable fury of a beast.Unseemly woman in a seeming man,And ill-beseeming beast in seeming both!Thou hast amazed me. By my holy order,I thought thy disposition better tempered.Hast thou slain Tybalt? Wilt thou slay thyself,And slay thy lady that in thy life livesBy doing damnèd hate upon thyself?Why rail’st thou on thy birth, the heaven, and earth?Since birth and heaven and earth, all three do meetIn thee at once, which thou at once wouldst lose?Fie, fie, thou shamest thy shape, thy love, thy wit,Which, like a usurer, abound’st in allAnd usest none in that true use indeedWhich should bedeck thy shape, thy love, thy wit.Thy noble shape is but a form of wax,Digressing from the valor of a man;Thy dear love sworn but hollow perjury,Killing that love which thou hast vowed to cherish;Thy wit, that ornament to shape and love,Misshapen in the conduct of them both,Like powder in a skill-less soldier’s flask,Is set afire by thine own ignorance;And thou dismembered with thine own defence.What, rouse thee, man! Thy Juliet is alive,For whose dear sake thou wast but lately dead—There art thou happy. Tybalt would kill thee,But thou slew’st Tybalt—there art thou happy.The law that threatened death becomes thy friendAnd turns it to exile—there art thou happy.A pack of blessings light upon thy back,Happiness courts thee in her best array,#LBSFORGOLDHold on, and don’t act out of desperation. Are you a man?
                                You look like a man, but your tears make you look like a woman. Your
                                wild actions resemble the irrational fury of a beast.
                                You’re a shameful woman who looks like a man or else an
                                ugly creature who’s half-man, half-beast. You have amazed
                                me. I swear by my holy order, I thought you were smarter and more
                                rational than this. Have you killed Tybalt? Will you kill yourself?
                                And would you also kill your wife, who shares your life, by
                                committing the sin of killing yourself? Why do you complain about
                                your birth, the heavens, and the earth? Life is the union of soul in
                                body through the miracle of birth, but you would throw all that
                                away. You bring shame to your body, your love, and your mind. You
                                have so much natural talent, but like someone who hoards money, you
                                use none of your talent for the right purpose—not your
                                body, not your love, not your mind. Your body is just a wax figure,
                                without the honor of a man. The love that you promised was a hollow
                                lie. You’re killing the love that you vowed to cherish.
                                Your mind, which aids both your body and your love, has mishandled
                                both of them. You’re like a stupid soldier whose gunpowder
                                explodes because he’s careless. The things you were
                                supposed to use to defend yourself end up killing you. Get up, man!
                                Your Juliet is alive. It was for her that you were almost killed
                                earlier. Be happy that she’s alive. Tybalt wanted to kill
                                you, but you killed Tybalt. Be happy that you’re alive. The
                                law that threatened your life was softened into exile. Be happy
                                about that. Your life is full of blessings. You have the best sorts
                                of happiness to enjoy.