Things have fall'n out, sir, so unluckily,That we have had no time to move our daughter.Look you, she loved her kinsman Tybalt dearly,And so did I. Well, we were born to die.'Tis very late. She’ll not come down tonight.I promise you, but for your company,I would have been abed an hour ago.These times of woe afford no time to woo.Madam, good night. Commend me to your daughter.I will, and know her mind early tomorrow.Tonight she is mewed up to her heaviness.Sir Paris, I will make a desperate tenderOf my child’s love. I think she will be ruledIn all respects by me. Nay, more, I doubt it not.—Wife, go you to her ere you go to bed.Acquaint her here of my son Paris' love,And bid her, mark you me, on Wednesday next—But, soft! What day is this?Monday, my lord.Monday! Ha, ha. Well, Wednesday is too soon,O' Thursday let it be.—O' Thursday,
                                tell her,She shall be married to this noble earl.—Will you be ready? Do you like this haste?We’ll keep no great ado, a friend or two.For, hark you, Tybalt being slain so late,It may be thought we held him carelessly,Being our kinsman, if we revel much.Therefore we’ll have some half a dozen friends,And there an end. But what say you to Thursday?#LBSFORGOLDThings have turned out so unluckily, sir, that we haven’t
                                had time to convince our daughter to marry you. Listen, she loved
                                her cousin Tybalt dearly, and so did I. Well, we were all born to
                                die. It’s very late, she won’t be coming
                                downstairs tonight. Believe me, if you weren’t here
                                visiting me, I myself would have gone to bed an hour ago.These times of pain are bad times for romance. Madam, good night.
                                Give my regards to your daughter.I will. And I’ll find out what she thinks about marriage
                                early tomorrow. Tonight she is shut up in her room, alone with her
                                sadness.Sir Paris, I’ll make a desperate argument for my
                                child’s love. I think she’ll do whatever I say.
                                No, I think she’ll do all that and more. I have no doubt
                                about it. Wife, visit her in her room before you go to bed. Tell her
                                about my son Paris’s love for her. And tell her, listen to
                                me, on Wednesday—Wait—What day is
                            today?Monday, my lord.Monday! Ha, ha! Well, Wednesday is too soon. Let it be on
                                Thursday. On Thursday, tell her, she’ll be married to this
                                noble earl. Will you be ready? Do you think it’s a good
                                idea to rush? We shouldn’t have too big a
                                celebration—we can invite a friend or two. Listen,
                                because Tybalt was just killed, people might think that we
                                don’t care about his memory as our relative if we have too
                                grand a party. Therefore we’ll have about half a dozen
                                friends to the wedding, and that’s it. What do you think
                                about Thursday?