But Montague is bound as well as I,In penalty alike. And ’tis not hard, I think,For men so old as we to keep the peace.Of honorable reckoning are you both.And pity ’tis you lived at odds so long.But now, my lord, what say you to my suit?But saying o'er what I have said before.My child is yet a stranger in the world.She hath not seen the change of fourteen years.Let two more summers wither in their prideEre we may think her ripe to be a bride.Younger than she are happy mothers made.And too soon marred are those so early made.Earth hath swallowed all my hopes but she.She’s the hopeful lady of my earth.But woo her, gentle Paris, get her heart.My will to her consent is but a part.An she agreed within her scope of choice,Lies my consent and fair according voice.This night I hold an old accustomed feast,Whereto I have invited many a guestSuch as I love. And you among the store,One more, most welcome, makes my number more.At my poor house look to behold this nightEarth-treading stars that make dark heaven light.#LBSFORGOLD
(continuing a conversation) But
                                Montague has sworn an oath just like I have, and he’s under
                                the same penalty. I don’t think it will be hard for men as
                                old as we are to keep the peace.You both have honorable reputations, and it’s too bad
                                you’ve been enemies for so long. But what do you say to my
                                request?I can only repeat what I’ve said before. My daughter is
                                still very young. She’s not even fourteen years old.
                                Let’s wait two more summers before we start thinking
                                she’s ready to get married.Girls younger than she often marry and become happy
                            mothers.Girls who marry so young grow up too soon. But go ahead and charm
                                her, gentle Paris; make her love you. My permission is only part of
                                her decision. If she agrees to marry you, my blessing and fair words
                                will confirm her choice. Tonight I’m having a feast that
                                we’ve celebrated for many years. I’ve invited many
                                of my closest friends, and I’d like to welcome you and add
                                you to the guest list. At my humble house tonight, you can expect to
                                see dazzling stars that walk on the ground and light the sky from
                                below.