Such comfort as do lusty young men feelWhen well-appareled April on the heelOf limping winter treads. Even such delightAmong fresh fennel buds shall you this nightInherit at my house. Hear all, all see,And like her most whose merit most shall be—Which on more view of many, mine, being one,May stand in number, though in reckoning none,Come, go with me.
(to PETER,
                                giving him a paper)
      Go,
                                sirrah, trudge aboutThrough fair Verona. Find those persons outWhose names are written there, and to them sayMy house and welcome on their pleasure stay.Find them out whose names are written here? It is written, 
that the shoemaker should meddle with his yard and the
tailor with his last, the fisher with his pencil and the painter
with his nets. But I am sent to find those persons whose
names are here writ, and can never find what names the
writing person hath here writ. I must to the learned in good
                            time!
Tut man, one fire burns out another’s burning.One pain is lessened by another’s anguish.Turn giddy, and be helped by backward turning.One desperate grief cures with another’s languish.Take thou some new infection to thy eye,And the rank poison of the old will die.#LBSFORGOLDYou’ll be delighted by young women as fresh as spring
                                flowers. Look at anyone you like, and choose whatever woman seems
                                best to you. Once you see a lot of girls, you might not think my
                                daughter’s the best anymore. Come along with me.
(to PETER,
                                handing him a paper) Go, little
                                fellow, walk all around Verona. Find the people on this list and
                                tell them they’re welcome at my house tonight.Find the people whose names are on this list? It is written that
                                shoemakers and tailors should play with each others' tools,
                                that fisherman should play with paints, and painters should play
                                with with fishing nets. But I’ve been sent to find the
                                people whose names are written on this list, and I can’t
                                read! I’ll never find them on my own. I’ve got to
                                find somebody who knows how to read to help me. But here come some
                                people, right in the nick of time.
(to
                                ROMEO) Come on, man. You can put out
                                one fire by starting another. A new pain will make the one you
                                already have seem less. If you make yourself dizzy, you can cure
                                yourself by spinning back around in the opposite direction. A new
                                grief will put the old one out of your mind. Make yourself lovesick
                                by gazing at some new girl, and your old lovesickness will be
                            cured.