Consort? What, dost thou make us minstrels? An thou make minstrels
                                of us, look to hear nothing but discords. Here’s my
                                fiddlestick. Here’s that shall make you dance. Zounds,
                                “consort”!We talk here in the public haunt of men.Either withdraw unto some private place,And reason coldly of your grievances,Or else depart. Here all eyes gaze on us.Men’s eyes were made to look and let them gaze.I will not budge for no man’s pleasure, I.Well, peace be with you, sir. Here comes my man.But I’ll be hanged, sir, if he wear your livery.Marry, go before to field, he’ll be your follower.Your worship in that sense may call him
                                “man.”Romeo, the love I bear thee can affordNo better term than this: thou art a villain.Tybalt, the reason that I have to love theeDoth much excuse the appertaining rageTo such a greeting. Villain am I none.Therefore, farewell. I see thou know’st me not.Boy, this shall not excuse the injuriesThat thou hast done me. Therefore turn and draw.#LBSFORGOLD“Hang out?” Who do you think we are,
                                musicians in a band? If we look like musicians to you, you can
                                expect to hear nothing but noise.
                                (touching
                                    the blade of his sword)
                                This is my fiddlestick. I’ll use it to make you dance.
                                Goddammit—“Hang out!”We’re talking here in a public place. Either go someplace
                                private, or talk it over rationally, or else just go away. Out here
                                everybody can see us.Men’s eyes were made to see things, so let them watch. I
                                won’t move to please anybody.Well, may peace be with you. Here comes my man, the man
                                I’m looking for.He’s not your man. Alright, walk out into a field, and
                                he’ll chase you. In that sense you can call him your
                                “man.”Romeo, there’s only one thing I can call you.
                                You’re a villain.Tybalt, I have a reason to love you that lets me put aside the
                                rage I should feel and excuse that insult. I am no villain. So,
                                goodbye. I can tell that you don’t know who I am.Boy, your words can’t excuse the harm you’ve
                                done to me. So now turn and draw your sword.