Even or odd, of all days in the year,Come Lammas Eve at night shall she be fourteen.Susan and she—God rest all Christian
                                souls!—Were of an age. Well, Susan is with God.She was too good for me. But, as I said,On Lammas Eve at night shall she be fourteen.That shall she. Marry, I remember it well.'Tis since the earthquake now eleven years,And she was weaned—I never shall forget
                                it—Of all the days of the year, upon that day.For I had then laid wormwood to my dug,Sitting in the sun under the dovehouse wall.My lord and you were then at Mantua.—Nay, I do bear a brain.—But, as I said,When it did taste the wormwood on the nippleOf my dug and felt it bitter, pretty fool,To see it tetchy and fall out with the dug!“Shake!” quoth the dovehouse.
                                'Twas no need, I trow,To bid me trudge.And since that time it is eleven years,For then she could stand alone. Nay, by the rood,She could have run and waddled all about,For even the day before, she broke her brow.And then my husband—God be with his soul!He was a merry man—took up the child.“Yea,” quoth he, “Dost thou
                                fall upon thy face?Thou wilt fall backward when thou hast more wit,Wilt thou not, Jule?” and, by my holy dame,The pretty wretch left crying and said
                                “ay.”To see now, how a jest shall come about!I warrant, an I should live a thousand years,I never should forget it. “Wilt thou not,
                                Jule?” quoth he.And, pretty fool, it stinted and said
                                “ay.”Enough of this. I pray thee, hold thy peace.#LBSFORGOLDWhether it’s even or odd, of all the days in the year, on
                                the night of Lammas Eve, she’ll be fourteen. She and
                                Susan—God rest her and all Christian
                                souls—were born on the same day. Well, Susan died and is
                                with God. She was too good for me. But like I said, on the night of
                                Lammas Eve, she will be fourteen. Yes, she will. Indeed, I remember
                                it well. It’s been eleven years since the earthquake. She
                                stopped nursing from my breast on that very day. I’ll never
                                forget it. I had put bitter wormwood on my breast as I was sitting
                                in the sun, under the wall of the dovehouse. You and your husband
                                were in Mantua. Boy, do I have some memory! But like I said, when
                                she tasted the bitter wormwood on my nipple, the pretty little babe
                                got irritated and started to quarrel with my breast. Then the
                                dovehouse shook with the earthquake. There was no need to tell me to
                                get out of there. That was eleven years ago. By then she could stand
                                up all by herself. No, I swear, by that time she could run and
                                waddle all around. I remember because she had cut her forehead just
                                the day before. My husband—God rest his soul, he was a
                                happy man—picked up the child.
                                “Oh,” he said, “Did you fall on
                                your face? You’ll fall backward“Fall backward” = have sex.fall backward when you grow smarter. Won’t you,
                                Jule.” And I swear, the poor pretty thing stopped crying
                                and said, “Yes.” Oh, to watch a joke come
                                true! I bet if I live a thousand years, I’ll never forget
                                it. “Won’t you, Jule,” he said. And
                                the pretty fool stopped crying and said,
                                “Yes.”Enough of this. Please be quiet.