That “banishèd,” that one word
                                “banishèd”Hath slain ten thousand Tybalts. Tybalt’s deathWas woe enough, if it had ended there.Or, if sour woe delights in fellowshipAnd needly will be ranked with other griefs,Why followed not, when she said “Tybalt’s
                                dead,”“Thy father” or “thy
                                mother,” nay, or both,Which modern lamentations might have moved?But with a rearward following Tybalt’s death,“Romeo is banishèd.” To speak
                                that word,Is father, mother, Tybalt, Romeo, Juliet,All slain, all dead. “Romeo is
                                banishèd.”There is no end, no limit, measure, bound,In that word’s death. No words can that woe sound.Where is my father and my mother, Nurse?Weeping and wailing over Tybalt’s corse.Will you go to them? I will bring you thither.Wash they his wounds with tears? Mine shall be spentWhen theirs are dry, for Romeo’s banishment.Take up those cords.—Poor ropes, you are beguiled,Both you and I, for Romeo is exiled.He made you for a highway to my bed,But I, a maid, die maiden-widowèd.Come, cords.—Come, Nurse. I’ll to my wedding
                                bed.And death, not Romeo, take my maidenhead!Hie to your chamber. I’ll find RomeoTo comfort you. I wot well where he is.Hark ye, your Romeo will be here at night.I’ll to him. He is hid at Lawrence' cell.#LBSFORGOLDThat banishment is worse than the murder of ten thousand Tybalts.
                                Tybalt’s death would be bad enough if that was all. Maybe
                                pain likes to have company and can’t come without bringing
                                more pain. It would have been better if, after she said,
                                “Tybalt’s dead,” she told me my
                                mother or my father, or both, were gone. That would have made me
                                make the normal cries of sadness. But to say that Tybalt’s
                                dead and then say, “Romeo has been
                                banished.” To say that is like saying that my father, my
                                mother, Tybalt, Romeo, and Juliet have all been killed,
                                they’re all dead. “Romeo has been
                                banished.” That news brings infinite death. No words can
                                express the pain. Where are my father and my mother, Nurse?They are crying and moaning over Tybalt’s corpse. Are you
                                going to join them? I’ll bring you there.Are they washing out his wounds with their tears? I’ll
                                cry my tears for Romeo’s banishment when their tears are
                                dry. Pick up this rope ladder. This poor rope ladder, it’s
                                useless now, just like me, because Romeo has been exiled. He made
                                this rope ladder to be a highway to my bed, but I am a virgin, and I
                                will die a virgin and a widow. Let’s go, rope ladder.
                                Nurse, I’m going to lie in my wedding bed. And death, not
                                Romeo, can take my virginity!Go to your bedroom. I’ll find Romeo to comfort you. I
                                know where he is. Listen, your Romeo will be here tonight.
                                I’ll go to him. He’s hiding out in Friar
                                Lawrence’s cell.