Here were the servants of your adversary,And yours, close fighting ere I did approach.I drew to part them. In the instant cameThe fiery Tybalt, with his sword prepared,Which, as he breathed defiance to my ears,He swung about his head and cut the winds,Who, nothing hurt withal, hissed him in scorn.While we were interchanging thrusts and blows,Came more and more and fought on part and part,Till the Prince came, who parted either part.Oh, where is Romeo? Saw you him today?Right glad I am he was not at this fray.Madam, an hour before the worshipped sunPeered forth the golden window of the east,A troubled mind drove me to walk abroad,Where, underneath the grove of sycamoreThat westward rooteth from this city side,So early walking did I see your son.Towards him I made, but he was 'ware of meAnd stole into the covert of the wood.I, measuring his affections by my own,Which then most sought where most might not be found,Being one too many by my weary self,Pursued my humor not pursuing his,And gladly shunned who gladly fled from me.Many a morning hath he there been seen,With tears augmenting the fresh morning’s dew,Adding to clouds more clouds with his deep sighs.But all so soon as the all-cheering sunShould in the farthest east begin to drawThe shady curtains from Aurora’s bed,Away from light steals home my heavy son,#LBSFORGOLDYour servants were fighting your enemy’s servants before
                                I got here. I drew my sword to part them. Right then, that hothead
                                Tybalt showed up with his sword ready. He taunted me and waved his
                                sword around, making the air hiss. As we were trading blows, more
                                and more people showed up to join the fight, until the Prince came
                                and broke everyone up.Oh, where’s Romeo? Have you seen him today? I’m
                                glad he wasn’t here for this fight.Madam, I had a lot on my mind an hour before dawn this morning, so
                                I went for a walk. Underneath the Sycamore grove that grows on the
                                west side of the city, I saw your son taking an early-morning walk.
                                I headed toward him, but he saw me coming and hid in the woods. I
                                thought he must be feeling the same way I was—wanting to
                                be alone and tired of his own company. I figured he was avoiding me,
                                and I was perfectly happy to leave him alone and keep to
                            myself.He’s been seen there many mornings, crying tears that add
                                drops to the morning dew and making a cloudy day cloudier with his
                                sighs. But as soon as the sun rises in the east, my sad son comes
                                home to escape the light.