Farewell, ancient lady. Farewell, lady, lady, lady.I pray you, sir, what saucy merchant was this that was so full of
                                his ropery?A gentleman, Nurse, that loves to hear himself talk, and will
                                speak more in a minute than he will stand to in a month.An he speak any thing against me, I’ll take him down, an
                                he were lustier than he is, and twenty such Jacks. And if I cannot,
                                I’ll find those that shall. Scurvy knave! I am none of his
                                flirt-gills. I am none of his skains-mates.
                                (to
                                PETER) And thou must stand by, too,
                                and suffer every knave to use me at his pleasure?I saw no man use you at his pleasure. If I had, my weapon should
                                quickly have been out, I warrant you. I dare draw as soon as another
                                man if I see occasion in a good quarrel and the law on my
                            side.Now, afore God, I am so vexed that every part about me quivers.
                                Scurvy knave!
(to
                                ROMEO) Pray you, sir, a word. And as
                                I told you, my young lady bid me inquire you out. What she bade me
                                say, I will keep to myself. But first let me tell ye, if ye should
                                lead her into a fool’s paradise, as they say, it were a
                                very gross kind of behavior, as they say. For the gentlewoman is
                                young, and therefore, if you should deal double with her, truly it
                                were an ill thing to be offered to any gentlewoman, and very weak
                                dealing.#LBSFORGOLD
Goodbye, old lady. Goodbye, lady, lady, lady.Mercutio mockingly sings a romantic song to the Nurse.Goodbye, old lady. Goodbye, lady, lady, lady.
Please tell me, sir, who was that foulmouthed punk who was so full
                                of crude jokes?Nurse, he’s a man who likes to hear the sound of his own
                                voice. He says more in one minute than he does in a whole
                            month.If he says anything against me, I’ll humble him, even if
                                he were stronger than he is—and twenty punks like him.
                                If I can’t do it myself, I’ll find someone who
                                can. That dirty rat! I’m not one of his sluts. I’m
                                not one of his punk friends who carries a knife.
                                (to
                                PETER) And you just stand there
                                letting every jerk make fun of me for kicks.I didn’t see anybody use you for kicks. If I had seen
                                something like that, I would have quickly pulled out my weapon.
                                Believe me, I’ll draw my sword as quick as any other man if
                                I see a fight starting and the law is on my side.Now, I swear, I’m so angry that I’m shaking all
                                over. That rotten scoundrel! (to
                                ROMEO) Now, please, may I have a word
                                with you, sir? My young mistress asked me to find you. What she
                                asked me to say I’ll keep to myself. But let me tell you
                                this first. If you lead her into a fool’s paradise, as the
                                saying goes, it would be an outrageous crime because the girl is so
                                young. And if you try to trick her, it would be an evil thing to do
                                to any woman and very poor behavior.