He jests at scars that never felt a wound.But soft! What light through yonder window breaks?It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon,Who is already sick and pale with grief,That thou, her maid, art far more fair than she.Be not her maid since she is envious.Her vestal livery is but sick and green,And none but fools do wear it. Cast it off!It is my lady. Oh, it is my love.Oh, that she knew she were!She speaks, yet she says nothing. What of that?Her eye discourses. I will answer it.—I am too bold. 'Tis not to me she speaks.Two of the fairest stars in all the heaven,Having some business, do entreat her eyesTo twinkle in their spheres till they return.What if her eyes were there, they in her head?The brightness of her cheek would shame those starsAs daylight doth a lamp. Her eye in heavenWould through the airy region stream so brightThat birds would sing and think it were not night.See how she leans her cheek upon her hand.Oh, that I were a glove upon that handThat I might touch that cheek!     Ay
                                me!#LBSFORGOLDIt’s easy for someone to joke about scars if
                                they’ve never been cut.But wait, what’s that light in the window over there? It
                                is the east, and Juliet is the sun. Rise up, beautiful sun, and kill
                                the jealous moonDiana is the goddess of the moon and of virginity. Romeo implies that Juliet is a servant of the moon as long as she’s a virgin.jealous moon. The moon is already sick and pale with grief because you,
                                Juliet, her maid, are more beautiful than she.Don’t be her maid, because she is jealous. Virginity
                                makes her look sick and green. Only fools hold on to their
                                virginity. Let it go. Oh, there’s my lady! Oh, it is my
                                love. Oh, I wish she knew how much I love her. She’s
                                talking, but she’s not saying anything. So what? Her eyes
                                are saying something. I will answer them. I am too bold.
                                She’s not talking to me. Two of the brightest stars in the
                                whole sky had to go away on business, and they’re asking
                                her eyes to twinkle in their places until they return. What if her
                                eyes were in the sky and the stars were in her head?—The
                                brightness of her cheeks would outshine the stars the way the sun
                                outshines a lamp. If her eyes were in the night sky, they would
                                shine so brightly through space that birds would start singing,
                                thinking her light was the light of day. Look how she leans her hand
                                on her cheek. Oh, I wish I was the glove on that hand so that I
                                could touch that cheek.Oh, my!