   Faith, here it is.Romeo is banishèd, and all the world to nothingThat he dares ne'er come back to challenge you.Or, if he do, it needs must be by stealth.Then, since the case so stands as now it doth,I think it best you married with the county.Oh, he’s a lovely gentleman.Romeo’s a dishclout to him. An eagle, madam,Hath not so green, so quick, so fair an eyeAs Paris hath. Beshrew my very heart,I think you are happy in this second match,For it excels your first. Or if it did not,Your first is dead, or ’twere as good he were,As living here and you no use of him.Speakest thou from thy heart?And from my soul too, else beshrew them both.Amen!What?Well, thou hast comforted me marvelous much.Go in, and tell my lady I am gone,Having displeased my father, to Lawrence’s cellTo make confession and to be absolved.Marry, I will, and this is wisely done.#LBSFORGOLDThis is what I have to say: Romeo has been banished. And
                                it’s a sure thing that he will never come back to challenge
                                you. If he does come back, he’ll have to sneak back
                                undercover. Then, since things are the way they are, I think the
                                best thing to do is to marry the count. Oh, he’s a lovely
                                gentleman! Romeo’s a dishcloth compared to him. Madam, an
                                eagle does not have eyes as green, as quick, and as fair as the eyes
                                of Paris. Curse my very heart, but I think you should be happy in
                                this second marriage, because it’s better than your first.
                                Even if it’s not better, your first marriage is over. Or if
                                Romeo is as good as Paris, Romeo doesn’t live here, so you
                                don’t get to enjoy him.Are you speaking from your heart?I speak from my heart and from my soul too. If not, curse them
                                both.Amen!What?Well, you have given me great comfort. Go inside and tell my
                                mother that I’m gone. I made my father angry, so I went to
                                Friar Lawrence’s cell to confess and be forgiven.Alright, I will. This is a good idea.