
(aside) Villain and he be many
                                miles asunder.
(to LADY
                                CAPULET) God pardon him! I do, with
                                all my heart,And yet no man like he doth grieve my heart.That is because the traitor murderer lives.Ay, madam, from the reach of these my hands.Would none but I might venge my cousin’s death!We will have vengeance for it, fear thou not.Then weep no more. I’ll send to one in Mantua,Where that same banished runagate doth live,Shall give him such an unaccustomed dramThat he shall soon keep Tybalt company.And then, I hope, thou wilt be satisfied.Indeed, I never shall be satisfiedWith Romeo, till I behold him—dead—Is my poor heart for a kinsman vexed.Madam, if you could find out but a manTo bear a poison, I would temper it,That Romeo should, upon receipt thereof,Soon sleep in quiet. Oh, how my heart abhorsTo hear him named, and cannot come to him.To wreak the love I bore my cousinUpon his body that slaughtered him!Find thou the means, and I’ll find such a man.But now I’ll tell thee joyful tidings, girl.And joy comes well in such a needy time.What are they, beseech your ladyship?#LBSFORGOLD
(speaking so that LADY CAPULET
                                can’t hear) He’s
                                far from being a villain. (to LADY
                                CAPULET) May God pardon him! I do,
                                with all my heart. And yet no man could make my heart grieve like he
                                does.That’s because the murderer is alive.Yes, madam, he lies beyond my reach. I wish that no one could
                                avenge my cousin’s death except me!We’ll have revenge for it. Don’t worry about
                                that. Stop crying. I’ll send a man to Mantua, where that
                                exiled rogue is living. Our man will poison Romeo’s drink,
                                and Romeo will join Tybalt in death. And then, I hope,
                                you’ll be satisfied.I’ll never be satisfied with Romeo until I see him . . .
                                dead—dead is how my poor heart feels when I think about
                                my poor cousin. Madam, if you can find a man to deliver the poison,
                                I’ll mix it myself so that Romeo will sleep quietly soon
                                after he drinks it. Oh, how I hate to hear people say his name and
                                not be able to go after him. I want to take the love I had for my
                                cousin and take it out on the body of the man who killed him.Find out the way, and I’ll find the right man. But now I
                                have joyful news for you, girl.And it’s good to have joy in such a joyless time.
                                What’s the news? Please tell me.