And where the worser is predominant,Full soon the canker death eats up that plant.Good morrow, Father.   Benedicite.What early tongue so sweet saluteth me?Young son, it argues a distempered headSo soon to bid good morrow to thy bed.Care keeps his watch in every old man’s eye,And where care lodges, sleep will never lie.But where unbruisèd youth with unstuffed brainDoth couch his limbs, there golden sleep doth reign.Therefore thy earliness doth me assureThou art uproused by some distemperature.Or if not so, then here I hit it right:Our Romeo hath not been in bed tonight.That last is true. The sweeter rest was mine.God pardon sin! Wast thou with Rosaline?With Rosaline, my ghostly Father? No.I have forgot that name and that name’s woe.That’s my good son. But where hast thou been,
                            then?I’ll tell thee ere thou ask it me again.I have been feasting with mine enemy,Where on a sudden one hath wounded me,That’s by me wounded. Both our remediesWithin thy help and holy physic lies.I bear no hatred, blessèd man, for, lo,My intercession likewise steads my foe.#LBSFORGOLDWhen evil is dominant, death soon kills the body like
                            cancer.Good morning, father.God bless you. Who greets me so early in the morning? Young man,
                                something’s wrong if you’re getting out of bed
                                this early. Every old man has worries, and worried men never get any
                                sleep, but young men shouldn’t have a care in the world.
                                They should get to bed early and get plenty of sleep. Therefore, the
                                fact that you’re awake this early tells me you’ve
                                been upset with some anxiety. If that’s not the case, then
                                this must be the answer: You, Romeo, have not been to bed
                            tonight.Your last guess is right. I enjoyed a sweeter rest than
                            sleep.May God forgive you if you’ve sinned!—Were
                                you with Rosaline?With Rosaline, father? No, I have forgotten that girl and all the
                                sadness she brought me.That’s good, my boy. But where have you been?I’ll tell you before you have to ask me again. I have
                                been feasting with my enemy. Suddenly someone wounded me with love
                                and was wounded with love by me. You have the sacred power to cure
                                both of us. I carry no hatred, holy man, because my request will
                                benefit my enemy.