Death is my son-in-law. Death is my heir.My daughter he hath wedded. I will die,And leave him all. Life, living, all is Death’s.Have I thought long to see this morning’s face,And doth it give me such a sight as this?Accursed, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!Most miserable hour that e'er time sawIn lasting labor of his pilgrimage.But one, poor one, one poor and loving child,But one thing to rejoice and solace in,And cruel death hath catched it from my sight!O woe! O woeful, woeful, woeful day!Most lamentable day, most woeful dayThat ever, ever, I did yet behold!O day, O day, O day, O hateful day!Never was seen so black a day as this.O woeful day, O woeful day!Beguiled, divorcèd, wrongèd, spited,
                                slain!Most detestable Death, by thee beguiled,By cruel, cruel thee quite overthrown!O love! O life! Not life, but love in death.Despised, distressèd, hated, martyred, killed!Uncomfortable time, why camest thou nowTo murder, murder our solemnity?O child, O child! My soul, and not my child!Dead art thou! Alack, my child is dead,And with my child my joys are buried.Peace, ho, for shame! Confusion’s cure lives notIn these confusions. Heaven and yourselfHad part in this fair maid. Now heaven hath all,#LBSFORGOLDDeath is my son-in-law. Death is my heir. My daughter married
                                death. I will die and leave Death everything. Life, wealth,
                                everything belongs to Death.Have I waited so long to see this morning, only to see
                            this?Accursed, unhappy, wretched, hateful day! This is the most
                                miserable hour of all time! I had only one child, one poor child,
                                one poor and loving child, the one thing I had to rejoice and
                                comfort myself, and cruel Death has stolen it from me!Oh pain! Oh painful, painful, painful day! The saddest day, most
                                painful day that I ever, ever did behold! Oh day! Oh day! Oh day! Oh
                                hateful day! There has never been so black a day as today. Oh
                                painful day, Oh painful day!She was tricked, divorced, wronged, spited, killed! Death, the
                                most despicable thing, tricked her. Cruel, cruel Death killed her.
                                Oh love! Oh life! There is no life, but my love is dead!Despised, distressed, hated, martyred, killed! Why did this have
                                to happen now? Why did Death have to ruin our wedding? Oh child! Oh
                                child! My soul and not my child! You are dead! Oh no! My child is
                                dead. My child will be buried, and so will my joys.Be quiet, for shame! The cure for confusion is not yelling and
                                screaming. You had this child with the help of heaven. Now heaven
                                has her.