O me, O me! My child, my only life,Revive, look up, or I will die with thee!—Help, help! Call help.For shame, bring Juliet forth. Her lord is come.She’s dead, deceased, she’s dead. Alack the
                            day!Alack the day. She’s dead, she’s dead,
                                she’s dead!Ha? Let me see her. Out, alas! She’s cold.Her blood is settled, and her joints are stiff.Life and these lips have long been separated.Death lies on her like an untimely frostUpon the sweetest flower of all the field.O lamentable day!   O woeful time.Death, that hath ta'en her hence to make me wail,Ties up my tongue and will not let me speak.Come, is the bride ready to go to church?Ready to go, but never to return.O son! The night before thy wedding dayHath death lain with thy wife. There she lies,Flower as she was, deflowered by him.#LBSFORGOLDOh my, Oh my! My child, my reason for living, wake up, look up, or
                                I’ll die with you! Help, help! Call for help.For shame, bring Juliet out here. Her bridegroom is here.She’s dead, deceased, she’s dead. Curse the
                            day!Curse the day! She’s dead, she’s dead,
                                she’s dead!No! Let me see her. Oh no! She’s cold. Her blood has
                                stopped, and her joints are stiff. She’s been dead for some
                                time. She’s dead, like a beautiful flower, killed by an
                                unseasonable frost.Oh, sad day!Oh, this is a painful time!Death, which has taken her away to make me cry, now ties up my
                                tongue and won’t let me speak.Come, is the bride ready to go to church?She’s ready to go, but she’ll never return.
                                (to
                                PARIS) Oh son! On the night before
                                your wedding day, death has taken your wife. There she lies. She was
                                a flower, but death deflowered her.