Is it e'en so? Then I defy you, stars!Thou know’st my lodging. Get me ink and paper,And hire post horses. I will hence tonight.I do beseech you, sir, have patience.Your looks are pale and wild, and do importSome misadventure.Tush, thou art deceived.Leave me and do the thing I bid thee do.Hast thou no letters to me from the friar?No, my good lord.No matter. Get thee gone,And hire those horses. I’ll be with thee straight.Well, Juliet, I will lie with thee tonight.Let’s see for means. O mischief, thou art swiftTo enter in the thoughts of desperate men!I do remember an apothecary—And hereabouts he dwells—which late I notedIn tattered weeds, with overwhelming brows,Culling of simples. Meager were his looks,Sharp misery had worn him to the bones,And in his needy shop a tortoise hung,An alligator stuffed, and other skinsOf ill-shaped fishes; and about his shelvesA beggarly account of empty boxes,Green earthen pots, bladders and musty seeds,Remnants of packthread and old cakes of roses,Were thinly scattered to make up a show.#LBSFORGOLDIs it really true? Then I rebel against you, stars! You know where
                                I live. Get me some ink and paper, and hire some horses to ride. I
                                will leave here for Verona tonight.Please, sir, have patience. You look pale and wild as if
                                you’re going to hurt yourself.Tsk, you’re wrong. Leave me and do what I told you to do.
                                Don’t you have a letter for me from the friar?No, my good lord.No matter. Get on your way and hire those horses. I’ll be
                                with you right away.Well, Juliet, I’ll lie with you tonight. Let’s
                                see how. Destructive thoughts come quickly to the minds of desperate
                                men! I remember a pharmacist who lives nearby. I remember he wears
                                shabby clothes and has bushy eyebrows. He makes drugs from herbs. He
                                looks poor and miserable and worn out to the bone. He had a tortoise
                                shell hanging up in his shop as well as a stuffed alligator and
                                other skins of strange fish. There were a few empty boxes on his
                                shelves, as well as green clay pots, and some musty seeds. There
                                were a few strands of string and mashed rose petals on
                            display.