Why, then is my pump well flowered.Sure wit, follow me this jest now till thou hast worn out thy
                                pump, that when the single sole of it is worn, the jest may remain,
                                after the wearing solely singular.O single-soled jest, solely singular for the singleness.Come between us, good Benvolio. My wits faints.Switch and spurs, switch and spurs, or I’ll cry a
                            match.Nay, if our wits run the wild-goose chase, I am done, for thou
                                hast more of the wild-goose in one of thy wits than, I am sure, I
                                have in my whole five. Was I with you there for the goose?Thou wast never with me for anything when thou wast not there for
                                the goose.I will bite thee by the ear for that jest.Nay, good goose, bite not.Thy wit is a very bitter sweeting. It is a most sharp
                            sauce.And is it not well served into a sweet goose?Oh, here’s a wit of cheveril, that stretches from an inch
                                narrow to an ell broad!#LBSFORGOLDWell, then my pumpRomeo plays along: pump= shoe and penis.pump is well decorated with flowers.Alright my witty friend, this joke has worn out your pump. Its
                                thin skin is all worn out. The joke is all you have left.This is a bad joke. It’s all silliness.Come break this up, Benvolio. I’m losing this duel of
                                wits.Keep going, keep going, or I’ll declare myself the
                                winner.Now, if our jokes go on a wild-goose chase, I’m finished.
                                You have more wild goose in one of your jokes than I have in five of
                                mine. Was I even close to you in the chase for the goose?You were never with me for anything if you weren’t there
                                for the goose. Romeo implies that Mercutio is only good for jokes.
I’ll bite you on the ear for that joke.No, good goose, don’t bite me.Your joke is a very bitter apple. Your humor is a spicy
                            sauce.Then isn’t it just the right dish for a sweet
                            goose?Oh, that’s a joke made out of leather that spreads itself
                                thin, from the width of an inch to as fat as a yard.