By whose direction found’st thou out this place?By love, that first did prompt me to inquire.He lent me counsel and I lent him eyes.I am no pilot. Yet, wert thou as farAs that vast shore washed with the farthest sea,I would adventure for such merchandise.Thou know’st the mask of night is on my face,Else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheekFor that which thou hast heard me speak tonight.Fain would I dwell on form. Fain, fain denyWhat I have spoke. But farewell compliment!Dost thou love me? I know thou wilt say
                                “ay,”And I will take thy word. Yet if thou swear’stThou mayst prove false. At lovers' perjuries,They say, Jove laughs. O gentle Romeo,If thou dost love, pronounce it faithfully.Or if thou think’st I am too quickly won,I’ll frown and be perverse and say thee nay,So thou wilt woo. But else, not for the world.In truth, fair Montague, I am too fond,And therefore thou mayst think my 'havior light.But trust me, gentleman, I’ll prove more trueThan those that have more coying to be strange.I should have been more strange, I must confess,But that thou overheard’st, ere I was 'ware,My true love’s passion. Therefore pardon me,And not impute this yielding to light love,Which the dark night hath so discovered.Lady, by yonder blessèd moon I vow,That tips with silver all these fruit-tree
                            tops—#LBSFORGOLDWho told you how to get here below my bedroom?Love showed me the way—the same thing that made me
                                look for you in the first place. Love told me what to do, and I let
                                love borrow my eyes. I’m not a sailor, but if you were
                                across the farthest sea, I would risk everything to gain you.You can’t see my face because it’s dark out.
                                Otherwise, you’d see me blushing about the things
                                you’ve heard me say tonight. I would be happy to keep up
                                good manners and deny the things I said. But forget about good
                                manners. Do you love me? I know you’ll say
                                “yes,” and I’ll believe you. But if
                                you swear you love me, you might turn out to be lying. They say JoveJove, also called Jupiter, was the king of the Roman gods.Jove laughs when lovers lie to each other. Oh Romeo, if you
                                really love me, say it truly. Or if you think it’s too easy
                                and quick to win my heart, I’ll frown and play hard-to-get,
                                as long as that will make you try to win me, but otherwise I
                                wouldn’t act that way for anything. In truth, handsome
                                Montague, I like you too much, so you may think my behavior is
                                loose. But trust me, gentleman, I’ll prove myself more
                                faithful than girls who act coy and play hard-to-get. I should have
                                been more standoffish, I confess, but you overheard me talking about
                                the love in my heart when I didn’t know you were there. So
                                excuse me, and do not assume that because you made me love you so
                                easily my love isn’t serious.Lady, I swear by the sacred moon above, the moon that paints the
                                tops of fruit trees with silver—