Where the devil should this Romeo be?Came he not home tonight?Not to his father’s. I spoke with his man.Why, that same pale hard-hearted wench, that Rosaline,Torments him so, that he will sure run mad.Tybalt, the kinsman to old Capulet,Hath sent a letter to his father’s house.A challenge, on my life.Romeo will answer it.Any man that can write may answer a letter.Nay, he will answer the letter’s master, how he dares,
                                being dared.Alas, poor Romeo! He is already dead, stabbed with a white
                                wench’s black eye, shot through the ear with a love song,
                                the very pin of his heart cleft with the blind bow-boy’s
                                butt shaft. And is he a man to encounter Tybalt?Why, what is Tybalt?More than Prince of Cats. Oh, he’s the courageous captain
                                of compliments. He fights as you sing prick-song, keeps time,
                                distance, and proportion. He rests his minim rests—one,
                                two, and the third in your bosom. The very butcher of a silk button,
                                a duelist, a duelist, a gentleman of the very first house of the
                                first and second cause. Ah, the immortal
                                passado, the
                                punto
                                reverso,
                                the hai!
#LBSFORGOLDWhere the devil can Romeo be? Didn’t he come home last
                                night?Not to his father’s house. I asked a servant.That fair-skinned, hard-hearted hussy, Rosaline is going to
                                torment him until he goes insane.Tybalt, old Capulet’s nephew, has sent a letter to
                                Romeo’s father’s house.I bet it’s a challenge.Romeo will answer the challenge.Any man who knows how to write can answer a letter.No, Romeo will respond to the letter’s writer, telling
                                him whether he accepts the challenge.Oh, poor Romeo! He’s already dead. He’s been
                                stabbed by a white girl’s black eye. He’s been cut
                                through the ear with a love song. The center of his heart has been
                                split by blind Cupid’s arrow. Is he man enough at this
                                point to face off with Tybalt?Why, what’s Tybalt’s story?He’s tougher than the Prince of CatsThe Prince of Cats is a figure from Medieval lore whose first name was also Tybalt.Prince of Cats. He does everything by the book. He fights like you sing at
                                a recital, paying attention to time, distance, and proportion. He
                                takes the proper breaks: one, two, and the third in your heart.
                                He’s the butcher who can hit any silk button. A master of
                                duels. He’s a gentleman from the finest school of fencing.
                                He knows how to turn any argument into a swordfight. He knowsMercutio lists Italian terms for fencing moves.He knows
passado—the forward
                                thrust—the
                                punto reverso—the
                                backhand thrust—and the
                                hai—the thrust that goes
                                straight through.