Holy Franciscan Friar! Brother, ho!This same should be the voice of Friar John.Welcome from Mantua. What says Romeo?Or, if his mind be writ, give me his letter.Going to find a barefoot brother out,One of our order, to associate me,Here in this city visiting the sick,And finding him, the searchers of the town,Suspecting that we both were in a houseWhere the infectious pestilence did reign,Sealed up the doors and would not let us forth.So that my speed to Mantua there was stayed.Who bare my letter, then, to Romeo?I could not send it—here it is again—
(gives FRIAR LAWRENCE
                                a letter)
Nor get a messenger to bring it thee,So fearful were they of infection.Unhappy fortune! By my brotherhood,The letter was not nice but full of charge,Of dear import, and the neglecting itMay do much danger. Friar John, go hence.Get me an iron crow and bring it straightUnto my cell.#LBSFORGOLDHoly Franciscan Friar! Brother, hey!That sounds like the voice of Friar John. Welcome back from
                                Mantua. What does Romeo say? Or, if he wrote down his thoughts, give
                                me his letter.I went to find another poor friar from our order to accompany me.
                                He was here in this city visiting the sick. When I found him, the
                                town health officials suspected that we were both in a house that
                                had been hit with the plague. They quarantined the house, sealed up
                                the doors, and refused to let us out. I couldn’t go to
                                Mantua because I was stuck there.Then who took my letter to Romeo?I couldn’t send it. Here it is.
                                (he gives FRIAR LAWRENCE
                                a
                                    letter)
                                I couldn’t get a messenger to bring it to you either
                                because they were scared of spreading the infection.Unhappy fortune! By my brotherhood, the letter was not just a nice
                                greeting. It was full of very important information. It’s
                                very dangerous that it hasn’t been sent. Friar John, go and
                                get me an iron crowbar. Bring it straight back to my cell.