The gray-eyed morn smiles on the frowning night,Checkering the eastern clouds with streaks of light,And fleckled darkness like a drunkard reelsFrom forth day’s path and Titan’s fiery wheels.Now, ere the sun advance his burning eye,The day to cheer and night’s dank dew to dry,I must upfill this osier cage of oursWith baleful weeds and precious-juicèd flowers.The earth, that’s nature’s mother, is her tomb.What is her burying, grave that is her womb.And from her womb children of divers kindWe sucking on her natural bosom find,Many for many virtues excellent,None but for some and yet all different.Oh, mickle is the powerful grace that liesIn herbs, plants, stones, and their true qualities.For naught so vile that on the earth doth liveBut to the earth some special good doth give.Nor aught so good but, strained from that fair useRevolts from true birth, stumbling on abuse.Virtue itself turns vice, being misapplied,And vice sometime by action dignified.Within the infant rind of this small flowerPoison hath residence and medicine power.For this, being smelt, with that part cheers each part;Being tasted, stays all senses with the heart.Two such opposèd kings encamp them still,In man as well as herbs—grace and rude will.#LBSFORGOLDThe smiling morning is replacing the frowning night. Darkness is
                                stumbling out of the sun’s path like a drunk man. Now,
                                before the sun comes up and burns away the dew, I have to fill this
                                basket of mine with poisonous weeds and medicinal flowers. The Earth
                                is nature’s mother and also nature’s tomb. Plants
                                are born out of the Earth, and they are buried in the Earth when
                                they die. From the Earth’s womb, many different sorts of
                                plants and animals come forth, and the Earth provides her children
                                with many excellent forms of nourishment. Everything nature creates
                                has some special property, and each one is different. Herbs, plants,
                                and stones possess great power. There is nothing on Earth that is so
                                evil that it does not provide the earth with some special quality.
                                And there is nothing that does not turn bad if it’s put to
                                the wrong use and abused. Virtue turns to vice if it’s
                                misused. Vice sometimes becomes virtue through the right
                            activity.Inside the little rind of this weak flower, there is both poison
                                and powerful medicine. If you smell it, you feel good all over your
                                body. But if you taste it, you die. There are two opposite elements
                                in everything, in men as well as in herbs—good and
                            evil.