     Oh,
                                here comes my Nurse,And she brings news, and every tongue that speaksBut Romeo’s name speaks heavenly eloquence.—Now, Nurse, what news? What hast thou there? The cordsThat Romeo bid thee fetch?Ay, ay, the cords.Ay me, what news? Why dost thou wring thy hands?Ah, welladay! He’s dead, he’s dead,
                                he’s dead!We are undone, lady, we are undone!Alack the day! He’s gone, he’s killed,
                                he’s dead!Can heaven be so envious?     Romeo
                                can,Though heaven cannot. O Romeo, Romeo!Who ever would have thought it? Romeo!What devil art thou that dost torment me thus?This torture should be roared in dismal hell.Hath Romeo slain himself? Say thou but
                                “ay,”And that bare vowel I shall poison
                                moreThan the death-darting eye of cockatrice.I am not I if there be such an I,
Or those eyes shut that makes thee answer
                                “ay.”If he be slain, say “ay,” or if not,
                                “no.”Brief sounds determine of my weal or woe.I saw the wound, I saw it with mine eyes—God save the mark!—here on his manly breast.A piteous corse, a bloody piteous corse.Pale, pale as ashes, all bedaubed in blood,All in gore blood. I swoonèd at the sight.#LBSFORGOLDOh, here comes my Nurse, and she brings news. Every voice that
                                mentions Romeo’s name sounds beautiful. Now, Nurse,
                                what’s the news? Is that the rope ladder Romeo told you to
                                pick up?Yes, yes, this is the rope ladder.Oh my, what’s the news? Why do you look so upset?Oh, it’s a sad day! He’s dead. He’s
                                dead. He’s dead! We’re ruined, lady,
                                we’re ruined! What an awful day! He’s gone.
                                He’s been killed. He’s dead!Can God be so jealous and hateful?Romeo is hateful, even though God isn’t. Oh, Romeo,
                                Romeo, who ever would have thought it would be Romeo?What kind of devil are you to torture me like this? This is as bad
                                as the tortures of hell. Has Romeo killed himself? Just say
                                “Yes” and I will turn more poisonous than
                                the snake with the evil eye. I will no longer be myself if you tell
                                me Romeo killed himself. If he’s been killed, say
                                “Yes.” If not, say
                                “No.” These short words will determine my
                                joy or my pain.I saw the wound. I saw it with my own eyes. God bless that wound,
                                here on his manly chest. A pitiful corpse, a bloody, pitiful corpse.Pale as ashes and drenched in blood. All the dried blood was so
                                gory. I fainted when I saw it.