O, swear not by the moon, th' inconstant moon,That monthly changes in her circle orb,Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.What shall I swear by?     Do
                                not swear at all.Or, if thou wilt, swear by thy gracious self,Which is the god of my idolatry,And I’ll believe thee.     If
                                my heart’s dear love—Well, do not swear. Although I joy in thee,I have no joy of this contract tonight.It is too rash, too unadvised, too sudden,Too like the lightning, which doth cease to beEre one can say “It lightens.” Sweet, good
                                night.This bud of love, by summer’s ripening breath,May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.Good night, good night! As sweet repose and restCome to thy heart as that within my breast.O, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?What satisfaction canst thou have tonight?Th' exchange of thy love’s faithful vow for
                                mine.I gave thee mine before thou didst request it,And yet I would it were to give again.Wouldst thou withdraw it? For what purpose, love?#LBSFORGOLDDon’t swear by the moon. The moon is always changing.
                                Every month its position in the sky shifts. I don’t want
                                you to turn out to be that inconsistent too.What should I swear by?Don’t swear at all. But if you have to swear, swear by
                                your wonderful self, which is the god I worship like an idol, and
                                then I’ll believe you.If my heart’s dear love—Well, don’t swear. Although you bring me joy, I
                                can’t take joy in this exchange of promises tonight.
                                It’s too crazy. We haven’t done enough thinking.
                                It’s too sudden. It’s too much like lightning,
                                which flashes and then disappears before you can say,
                                “it’s lightning.” My sweet, good
                                night. Our love, which right now is like a flower bud in the summer
                                air, may turn out to be a beautiful flower by the next time we meet.
                                I hope you enjoy the same sweet peace and rest I feel in my
                            heart.Oh, are you going to leave me so unsatisfied?What satisfaction could you possibly have tonight?I would be satisfied if we made each other true promises of
                            love.I pledged my love to you before you asked me to. Yet I wish I
                                could take that promise back, so I had it to give again.You would take it back? Why would you do that, my love?