And to sink in it, should you burthen love—Too great oppression for a tender thing.Is love a tender thing? It is too rough,Too rude, too boisterous, and it pricks like thorn.If love be rough with you, be rough with love.Prick love for pricking, and you beat love down.—Give me a case to put my visage in!A visor for a visor.—What care IWhat curious eye doth cote deformities?Here are the beetle brows shall blush for me.Come, knock and enter. And no sooner inBut every man betake him to his legs.A torch for me. Let wantons light of heartTickle the senseless rushes with their heels.For I am proverbed with a grandsire phrase,I’ll be a candle holder, and look on.The game was ne'er so fair, and I am done.Tut, dun’s the mouse, the constable’s own word.If thou art dun, we’ll draw thee from the mire,Or—save your reverence—love, wherein thou
                                stick’stUp to the ears. Come, we burn daylight, ho!Nay, that’s not so.   I mean, sir, in delay.We waste our lights in vain, like lights by day.Take our good meaning, for our judgment sitsFive times in that ere once in our fine wits.#LBSFORGOLDIf you sink, you’re dragging love down. It’s not
                                right to drag down something as tender as love.Is love really tender? I think it’s too rough, too rude,
                                too rowdy, and it pricks like a thorn.If love plays rough with you, play rough with loveMercutio suggests that Romeo cure himself of love by having sex.love. If you prick love when it pricks you, you’ll beat
                                love down. Give me a mask to put my face in. A mask to put over my
                                other mask. What do I care if some curious person sees my flaws? Let
                                this mask, with its black eyebrows, blush for me.
                                (they put on
                                    masks)
Come on, let’s knock and go in. The minute we get in
                                let’s all start dancing.I’ll take a torch. Let playful people with light hearts
                                dance. There’s an old saying that applies to me: you
                                can’t lose if you don’t play the game.
                                I’ll just hold a torch and watch you guys. It looks like a
                                lot of fun, but I’ll sit this one out.Hey, you’re being a stick in the mud, as cautious as a
                                policemen on night patrol. If you’re a stick in the mud,
                                we’ll pull you out of the mud—I mean out of
                                love, if you’ll excuse me for being so
                                rude—where you’re stuck up to your ears. Come
                                on, we’re wasting precious daylight. Let’s
                            go!No we’re not—it’s night.I mean, we’re wasting the light of our torches by
                                delaying, which is like wasting the sunshine during the day. Use
                                your common sense to figure out what I mean, instead of trying to be
                                clever or trusting your five senses.