
(taking
                                JULIET’s hand) If I profane
                                with my unworthiest handThis holy shrine, the gentle sin is this:My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready standTo smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss.Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much,Which mannerly devotion shows in this,For saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch,And palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.Have not saints lips, and holy palmers too?Ay, pilgrim, lips that they must use in prayer.O, then, dear saint, let lips do what hands do.They pray; grant thou, lest faith turn to despair.Saints do not move, though grant for prayers'
                            sake.Then move not, while my prayer’s effect I take.
Kisses her
Thus from my lips, by thine, my sin is purged.Then have my lips the sin that they have took.Sin from thy lips? O trespass sweetly urged!Give me my sin again.#LBSFORGOLD
(taking
                                JULIET’s hand) Your hand is
                                like a holy place that my hand is unworthy to visit. If
                                you’re offended by the touch of my hand, my two lips are
                                standing here like blushing pilgrims, ready to make things better
                                with a kiss. The first fourteen lines Romeo and Juliet speak together form a sonnet.
Good pilgrim, you don’t give your hand enough credit. By
                                holding my hand you show polite devotion. After all, pilgrims touch
                                the hands of statues of saints. Holding one palm against another is
                                like a kiss.Don’t saints and pilgrims have lips too?Yes, pilgrim—they have lips that they’re
                                supposed to pray with.Well then, saint, let lips do what hands do. I’m praying
                                for you to kiss me. Please grant my prayer so my faith
                                doesn’t turn to despair.Saints don’t move, even when they grant prayers.Then don’t move while I act out my prayer.
He kisses her.Now my sin has been taken from my lips by yours.Then do my lips now have the sin they took from yours?Sin from my lips? You encourage crime with your sweetness. Give me
                                my sin back.