I pray thee, good Mercutio, let’s retire.The day is hot; the Capulets, abroad;And if we meet we shall not ’scape a brawl,For now, these hot days, is the mad blood stirring.Thou art like one of those fellows that, when he enters the
                                confines of a tavern, claps me his sword upon the table and says
                                “God send me no need of thee!” and, by the
                                operation of the second cup, draws it on the drawer when indeed
                                there is no need.Am I like such a fellow?Come, come, thou art as hot a Jack in thy mood as any in Italy,
                                and as soon moved to be moody, and as soon moody to be moved.And what to?Nay, an there were two such, we should have none shortly, for one
                                would kill the other. Thou, why, thou wilt quarrel with a man that
                                hath a hair more or a hair less in his beard than thou hast. Thou
                                wilt quarrel with a man for cracking nuts, having no other reason
                                but because thou hast hazel eyes. What eye but such an eye would spy
                                out such a quarrel? Thy head is as full of quarrels as an egg is
                                full of meat, and yet thy head hath been beaten as addle as an egg
                                for quarreling. Thou hast quarreled with a man for coughing in the
                                street because he hath wakened thy dog that hath lain asleep in the
                                sun. Didst thou not fall out with a tailor for wearing his new
                                doublet before Easter? With another, for tying his new shoes with
                                old ribbon? And yet thou wilt tutor me from quarreling!#LBSFORGOLDI’m begging you, good Mercutio, let’s call it a
                                day. It’s hot outside, and the Capulets are wandering
                                around. If we bump into them, we’ll certainly get into a
                                fight. When it’s hot outside, people become angry and
                                hot-blooded.You’re like one of those guys who walks into a bar, slams
                                his sword on the table, and then says, “I pray I never
                                have to use you.” By the time he orders his second
                                drink, he pulls his sword on the bartender for no reason at
                            all.Am I really like one of those guys?Come on, you can be as angry as any guy in Italy when
                                you’re in the mood. When someone does the smallest thing to
                                make you angry, you get angry. And when you’re in the mood
                                to get angry, you find something to get angry about.And what about that?If there were two men like you, pretty soon there’d be
                                none because the two of you would kill each other. You would fight
                                with a man if he had one more whisker or one less whisker in his
                                beard than you have in your beard. You’ll fight with a man
                                who’s cracking nuts just because you have hazelnut-colored
                                eyes. Only you would look for a fight like that. Your head is as
                                full of fights as an egg is full of yolk, but your head has been
                                beaten like scrambled eggs from so much fighting. You started a
                                fight with a man who coughed in the street because he woke up a dog
                                that was sleeping in the sun. Didn’t you argue it out with
                                your tailor for wearing one of his new suits before the right
                                season? And with another for tying the new shoes he made with old
                                laces? And yet you’re the one who wants to teach me about
                                restraint!