Hold, daughter. I do spy a kind of hope,Which craves as desperate an executionAs that is desperate which we would prevent.If, rather than to marry County Paris,Thou hast the strength of will to slay thyself,Then is it likely thou wilt undertakeA thing like death to chide away this shame,That copest with death himself to ’scape from it.An if thou darest, I’ll give thee remedy.O, bid me leap, rather than marry Paris,From off the battlements of yonder tower;Or walk in thievish ways; or bid me lurkWhere serpents are; chain me with roaring bears;Or shut me nightly in a charnel house,O'ercovered quite with dead men’s rattling
                                bones,With reeky shanks and yellow chapless skulls;Or bid me go into a new-made graveAnd hide me with a dead man in his shroud—Things that, to hear them told, have made me tremble—And I will do it without fear or doubt,To live an unstained wife to my sweet love.Hold, then. Go home, be merry. Give consentTo marry Paris. Wednesday is tomorrow.Tomorrow night look that thou lie alone.Let not the Nurse lie with thee in thy chamber.
(shows her a vial)
Take thou this vial, being then in bed,And this distillèd liquor drink thou off,When presently through all thy veins shall runA cold and drowsy humor, for no pulseShall keep his native progress, but surcease.No warmth, no breath shall testify thou livest.The roses in thy lips and cheeks shall fadeTo paly ashes, thy eyes' windows fallLike death when he shuts up the day of life.Each part, deprived of supple government,Shall, stiff and stark and cold, appear like death.And in this borrowed likeness of shrunk deathThou shalt continue two and forty hours,And then awake as from a pleasant sleep.Now, when the bridegroom in the morning comesTo rouse thee from thy bed, there art thou dead.Then, as the manner of our country is,In thy best robes uncovered on the bierThou shalt be borne to that same ancient vaultWhere all the kindred of the Capulets lie.In the meantime, against thou shalt awake,Shall Romeo by my letters know our drift,And hither shall he come, and he and IWill watch thy waking, and that very nightShall Romeo bear thee hence to Mantua.And this shall free thee from this present shame,If no inconstant toy, nor womanish fear,Abate thy valor in the acting it.#LBSFORGOLDHold on, daughter, I see some hope. But we must act boldly because
                                the situation is so desperate. If you’ve made up your mind
                                to kill yourself instead of marrying Count Paris, then
                                you’ll probably be willing to try something like death to
                                solve this shameful problem. You can wrestle with death to escape
                                from shame. And if you dare to do it, I’ll give you the
                                solution.Oh, you can tell me to jump off the battle posts of any tower, or
                                to walk down the crime-ridden streets of a slum. Or tell me to sit
                                in a field full of poisonous snakes. Chain me up with wild bears.
                                Hide me every night in a morgue full of dead bodies with wet, smelly
                                flesh and skulls without jawbones. Or tell me to climb down into a
                                freshly dug grave, and hide me with a dead man in his tomb. All
                                those ideas make me tremble when I hear them named. But I will do
                                them without fear or dread in order to be a pure wife to my sweet
                                love.Hold on, then. Go home, be cheerful, and tell them you agree to
                                marry Paris. Tomorrow is Wednesday. Tomorrow night make sure that
                                you are alone. Don’t let the Nurse stay with you in your
                                bedroom. (showing her a vial) When
                                you’re in bed, take this vial, mix its contents with
                                liquor, and drink. Then a cold, sleep-inducing drug will run through
                                your veins, and your pulse will stop. Your flesh will be cold, and
                                you’ll stop breathing. The red in your lips and your cheeks
                                will turn pale, and your eyes will shut. It will seem like
                                you’re dead. You won’t be able to move, and your
                                body will be stiff like a corpse. You’ll remain in this
                                deathlike state for forty-two hours, and then you’ll wake
                                up as if from a pleasant sleep. Now, when the bridegroom comes to
                                get you out of bed on Thursday morning, you’ll seem dead.
                                Then, as tradition demands, you’ll be dressed up in your
                                best clothes, put in an open coffin, and carried to the Capulet
                                family tomb. Meanwhile, I’ll send Romeo word of our plan.
                                He’ll come here, and we’ll keep a watch for when
                                you wake up. That night, Romeo will take you away to Mantua. This
                                plan will free you from the shameful situation that troubles you now
                                as long as you don’t change your mind, or become scared
                                like a silly woman and ruin your brave effort.