Give me thy torch, boy. Hence, and stand aloof.Yet put it out, for I would not be seen.Under yon yew trees lay thee all along,Holding thine ear close to the hollow ground—So shall no foot upon the churchyard tread,Being loose, unfirm, with digging up of graves,But thou shalt hear it. Whistle then to me,As signal that thou hear’st something approach.Give me those flowers. Do as I bid thee, go.(aside) I am almost afraid to stand
                                aloneHere in the churchyard. Yet I will adventure.
(scatters flowers at
                                JULIET'S closed tomb)
Sweet flower, with flowers thy bridal bed I strew—O woe! Thy canopy is dust and stones—Which with sweet water nightly I will dew.Or, wanting that, with tears distilled by moans,The obsequies that I for thee will keepNightly shall be to strew thy grave and weep.The boy gives warning something doth approach.What cursèd foot wanders this way tonightTo cross my obsequies and true love’s rite?What with a torch! Muffle me, night, awhile.#LBSFORGOLDGive me your torch, boy. Go away and stay apart from me. Put the
                                torch out, so I can’t be seen. Hide under the yew-trees
                                over there. Listen to make sure no one is coming through the
                                graveyard. If you hear any one, whistle to me to signal that someone
                                is approaching. Give me those flowers. Do as I tell you. Go.
(to himself) I am almost afraid to
                                stand alone here in the graveyard, but I’ll take the
                            risk.
(he scatters flowers at
                                JULIET’s closed tomb) Sweet
                                flower, I’m spreading flowers over your bridal bed. Oh,
                                pain! Your canopy is dust and stones. I’ll water these
                                flowers every night with sweet water. Or, if I don’t do
                                that, my nightly rituals to remember you will be to put flowers on
                                your grave and weep.The boy is warning me that someone approaches. Who could be
                                walking around here tonight? Who’s ruining my rituals of
                                true love?It’s someone with a torch! I must hide in the darkness
                                for awhile.