Noting this penury, to myself I said,“An if a man did need a poison
                                now”—Whose sale is present death in Mantua—“Here lives a caitiff wretch would sell it
                                him.”Oh, this same thought did but forerun my need,And this same needy man must sell it me.As I remember, this should be the house.Being holiday, the beggar’s shop is shut.What, ho! Apothecary!     Who
                                calls so loud?Come hither, man. I see that thou art poor.Hold, there is forty ducats. Let me haveA dram of poison, such soon-speeding gearAs will disperse itself through all the veinsThat the life-weary taker may fall dead,And that the trunk may be discharged of breathAs violently as hasty powder firedDoth hurry from the fatal cannon’s womb.Such mortal drugs I have, but Mantua’s lawIs death to any he that utters them.Art thou so bare and full of wretchedness,And fear’st to die? Famine is in thy cheeks.Need and oppression starveth in thine eyes.Contempt and beggary hangs upon thy back.The world is not thy friend nor the world’s law.The world affords no law to make thee rich.Then be not poor, but break it, and take this.
(holds out money)
#LBSFORGOLDNoticing all this poverty, I said to myself, “If a man
                                needed some poison”—which they would
                                immediately kill you for selling in
                                Mantua—“here is a miserable wretch
                                who’d sell it to him.” Oh, this idea came
                                before I needed the poison. But this same poor man must sell it to
                                me. As I remember, this should be the house. Today’s a
                                holiday, so the beggar’s shop is shut. Hey!
                            Pharmacist!Who’s that calling so loud?Come here, man. I see that you are poor. Here are forty ducats.
                                Let me have a shot of poison, something that works so fast that the
                                person who takes it will die as fast as gunpowder exploding in a
                                canon.I have lethal poisons like that. But it’s against the law
                                to sell them in Mantua, and the penalty is death.You’re this poor and wretched and still afraid to die?
                                Your cheeks are thin because of hunger. I can see in your eyes that
                                you’re starving. Anyone can see that you’re a
                                beggar. The world is not your friend, and neither is the law. The
                                world doesn’t make laws to make you rich. So don’t
                                be poor. Break the law, and take this money.
                                (he holds out money)
