My leisure serves me, pensive daughter, now.—My lord, we must entreat the time alone.God shield I should disturb devotion!—Juliet, on Thursday early will I rouse ye.
(kisses her) Till then, adieu, and
                                keep this holy kiss.O, shut the door! And when thou hast done so,Come weep with me, past hope, past cure, past help.O Juliet, I already know thy grief.It strains me past the compass of my wits.I hear thou must, and nothing may prorogue it,On Thursday next be married to this county.Tell me not, Friar, that thou hear’st of this,Unless thou tell me how I may prevent it.If in thy wisdom thou canst give no help,Do thou but call my resolution wise,And with this knife I’ll help it presently.
(shows him a knife)
God joined my heart and Romeo’s, thou our hands.And ere this hand, by thee to Romeo sealed,Shall be the label to another deed,Or my true heart with treacherous revoltTurn to another, this shall slay them both.Therefore out of thy long-experienced time,Give me some present counsel, or, behold,'Twixt my extremes and me this bloody knifeShall play the umpire, arbitrating thatWhich the commission of thy years and artCould to no issue of true honor bring.Be not so long to speak. I long to dieIf what thou speak’st speak not of remedy.#LBSFORGOLDI have time for you now, my sad daughter.
                                (to
                                PARIS) My lord, we must ask you to
                                leave us alone.God forbid that I should prevent sacred devotion! Juliet, I will
                                wake you early on
                                Thursday. (kissing
                                her)
                                Until then, good-bye, and keep this holy kiss.Oh, shut the door, and after you shut it, come over here and weep
                                with me. This mess is beyond hope, beyond cure, beyond help!Oh, Juliet, I already know about your sad situation. It’s
                                a problem too hard for me to solve. I hear that you must marry this
                                count on Thursday, and that nothing can delay it.Don’t tell me that you’ve heard about this
                                marriage, Friar, unless you can tell me how to prevent it. If you
                                who are so wise can’t help, please be kind enough to call
                                my solution wise.
                                (she shows him a
                                knife)
                                And I’ll solve the problem now with this knife. God joined
                                my heart to Romeo’s. You joined our hands. And before
                                I—who was married to Romeo by you—am married
                                to another man, I’ll kill myself. You are wise and you have
                                so much experience. Give me some advice about the current situation.
                                Or watch. Caught between these two difficulties, I’ll act
                                like a judge with my bloody knife. I will truly and honorably
                                resolve the situation that you can’t fix, despite your
                                experience and education. Don’t wait long to speak. I want
                                to die if what you say isn’t another solution.