Away, Tybalt.I am hurt.A plague o' both your houses! I am sped.Is he gone and hath nothing?     What,
                                art thou hurt?Ay, ay, a scratch, a scratch. Marry, ’tis enough.Where is my page?—Go, villain, fetch a surgeon.Courage, man. The hurt cannot be much.No, ’tis not so deep as a well nor so wide as a
                                church-door, but ’tis enough, ’twill serve. Ask
                                for me tomorrow, and you shall find me a grave man. I am peppered, I
                                warrant, for this world. A plague o' both your houses!
                                Zounds, a dog, a rat, a mouse, a cat to scratch a man to death! A
                                braggart, a rogue, a villain that fights by the book of arithmetic!
                                Why the devil came you between us? I was hurt under your arm.I thought all for the best.#LBSFORGOLDLet’s get away, Tybalt.I’ve been hurt. May a plague curse both your families.
                                I’m finished. Did he get away clean?What, are you hurt?Yes, yes. It’s a scratch, just a scratch. But
                                it’s enough. Where is my page? Go, boy. Get me a
                            doctor.Have courage, man. The wound can’t be that bad.No, it’s not as deep as a well, or as wide as a church
                                door, but it’s enough. It’ll do the job. Ask for
                                me tomorrow, and you’ll find me in a grave. I’m
                                done for in this world, I believe. May a plague strike both your
                                houses. Goddammit! I can’t believe that dog, that rat, that
                                mouse, that cat could scratch me to death! That braggart, punk
                                villain who fights like he learned swordsmanship from a manual! Why
                                the hell did you come in between us? He struck me from under your
                                arm.I thought it was the right thing to do.