Ay, sir, but she will none, she gives you thanks.I would the fool were married to her grave!Soft, take me with you, take me with you, wife.How, will she none? Doth she not give us thanks?Is she not proud? Doth she not count her blessed,Unworthy as she is, that we have wroughtSo worthy a gentleman to be her bride?Not proud you have, but thankful that you have.Proud can I never be of what I hate,But thankful even for hate that is meant love.How, how, how, how? Chopped logic! What is this?“Proud,” and “I thank
                                you,” and “I thank you not,”And yet “not proud”? Mistress minion you,Thank me no thankings, nor proud me no prouds,But fettle your fine joints 'gainst Thursday nextTo go with Paris to Saint Peter’s Church,Or I will drag thee on a hurdle thither.Out, you green sickness, carrion! Out, you baggage!You tallow face!   Fie, fie! What, are you
                                mad?Good Father, I beseech you on my knees,Hear me with patience but to speak a word.#LBSFORGOLDYes, sir, I told her. But she won’t agree. She says thank
                                you but refuses. I wish the fool were dead and married to her
                            grave!Wait! Hold on, wife. I don’t understand. How can this be?
                                She refuses? Isn’t she grateful? Isn’t she proud
                                of such a match? Doesn’t she realize what a blessing this
                                is? Doesn’t she realize how unworthy she is of the
                                gentleman we have found to be her bridegroom?I am not proud of what you have found for me. But I am thankful
                                that you have found it. I can never be proud of what I hate. But I
                                can be thankful for something I hate, if it was meant with
                            love.What is this? What is this fuzzy logic? What is this? I hear you
                                say “proud” and “I thank
                                you,” and then “no thank you”
                                and “not proud,” you spoiled little girl.
                                You’re not really giving me any thanks or showing me any
                                pride. But get yourself ready for Thursday. You’re going to
                                Saint Peter’s Church to marry Paris. And if you
                                don’t go on your own, I’ll drag you there. You
                                disgust me, you little bug! You worthless girl! You pale
                            face!Shame on you! What, are you crazy?Good father, I’m begging you on my knees, be patient and
                                listen to me say just one thing.