   You kiss by th'
                                book.Madam, your mother craves a word with you.What is her mother?   Marry, bachelor,Her mother is the lady of the house,And a good lady, and a wise and virtuous.I nursed her daughter that you talked withal.I tell you, he that can lay hold of herShall have the chinks.   (aside)
                                Is she a Capulet?O dear account! My life is my foe’s debt.
(to
                                ROMEO) Away, begone. The sport is at
                                the best.Ay, so I fear. The more is my unrest.Nay, gentlemen, prepare not to be gone.We have a trifling foolish banquet towards.—Is it e'en so? Why, then, I thank you all.I thank you, honest gentlemen. Good night.—More torches here!—Come on then, let’s to
                                bed.Ah, sirrah, by my fay, it waxes late.I’ll to my rest.#LBSFORGOLDYou kiss like you’ve studied how.Madam, your mother wants to talk to you.Who is her mother?Indeed, young man, her mother is the lady of the house. She is a
                                good, wise, and virtuous lady. I nursed her daughter, whom you were
                                just talking to. Let me tell you, the man who marries her will
                                become very wealthy.
(to himself) Is she a Capulet? Oh,
                                this is a heavy price to pay! My life is in the hands of my
                            enemy.
(to
                                ROMEO) Come on, let’s go.
                                Right when things are the most fun is the best time to leave.Yes, but I’m afraid I’m in more trouble than
                                ever.No gentlemen, don’t get ready to go now. We have a little
                                dessert coming up.
                                (they whisper in his
                                ear)
                                Is that really true? Well, then, I thank you both. I thank you,
                                honest gentlemen. Good night. Bring more torches over here! Come on,
                                let’s all get to bed.
                                (to his
                                COUSIN) Ah, my man, I swear,
                                it’s getting late. I’m going to get some
                            rest.