On Thursday, sir? The time is very short.My father Capulet will have it so,And I am nothing slow to slack his haste.You say you do not know the lady’s mind.Uneven is the course. I like it not.Immoderately she weeps for Tybalt’s death,And therefore have I little talked of love,For Venus smiles not in a house of tears.Now, sir, her father counts it dangerousThat she do give her sorrow so much sway,And in his wisdom hastes our marriageTo stop the inundation of her tears—Which, too much minded by herself alone,May be put from her by society.Now do you know the reason of this haste.
(aside) I would I knew not why it
                                should be slowed.—Look, sir, here comes the lady toward my cell.Happily met, my lady and my wife.That may be, sir, when I may be a wife.#LBSFORGOLDOn Thursday, sir? That’s very soon.That’s how my future father-in-law Capulet wants it, and
                                I’m not dragging my feet.You say you don’t know what the girl thinks.
                                That’s a rocky road to be riding. I don’t like
                            it.She’s grieving too much over the death of Tybalt. So I
                                haven’t had the chance to talk to her about love. Romantic
                                love doesn’t happen when people are in mourning. Now, sir,
                                her father thinks it’s dangerous that she allows herself to
                                become so sad. He’s being smart by rushing our marriage to
                                stop her from crying. She cries too much by herself. If she had
                                someone to be with her, she would stop crying. Now you know the
                                reason for the rush.
(to himself) I wish I
                                didn’t know the reason why the marriage should be slowed
                                down.Look, sir, here comes the lady walking toward my cell.I’m happy to meet you, my lady and my wife.That might be the case sir, after
                                I’m married.