Can I go forward when my heart is here?Turn back, dull earth, and find thy center out.Romeo, my cousin Romeo! Romeo!     He
                                is wise,And, on my life, hath stol'n him home to bed.He ran this way and leapt this orchard wall.Call, good Mercutio.     Nay,
                                I’ll conjure too!Romeo! Humours, madman, passion, lover!Appear thou in the likeness of a sigh!Speak but one rhyme, and I am satisfied.Cry but “Ay me!” Pronounce but
                                “love” and “dove.”Speak to my gossip Venus one fair word,One nickname for her purblind son and heir,Young Abraham Cupid, he that shot so trueWhen King Cophetua loved the beggar maid.—He heareth not, he stirreth not, he moveth not.The ape is dead, and I must conjure him.—I conjure thee by Rosaline’s bright eyes,By her high forehead and her scarlet lip,By her fine foot, straight leg, and quivering thigh,And the demesnes that there adjacent lie,That in thy likeness thou appear to us.#LBSFORGOLDCan I go away while my heart stays here? I have to go back to
                                where my heart is.
(calling) Romeo, my cousin, Romeo,
                                Romeo!He’s a smart boy. I bet he slipped away and went home to
                                bed.He ran this way and jumped over this orchard wall. Call to him,
                                Mercutio.I’ll conjure him as if I were summoning a spirit. Romeo!
                                Madman! Passion! Lover! Show yourself in the form of a sigh. Speak
                                one rhyme, and I’ll be satisfied. Just cry out,
                                “Ah me!” Just say
                                “love” and “dove.”
                                Say just one lovely word to my good friend VenusVenus is the Roman goddess of love.Venus. Just say the nickname of her blind son Cupid, the one who
                                shot arrows so well in the old story.—Romeo
                                doesn’t hear me. He doesn’t stir. He
                                doesn’t move. The silly ape is dead, but I must make him
                                appear.—I summon you by Rosaline’s bright eyes,
                                by her high forehead and her red lips, by her fine feet, by her
                                straight legs, by her trembling thighs, and by the regions right
                                next to her thighs. In the name of all of these things, I command
                                you to appear before us in your true form.