But to be frank, and give it thee again.And yet I wish but for the thing I have.My bounty is as boundless as the sea,My love as deep. The more I give to thee,The more I have, for both are infinite.I hear some noise within. Dear love, adieu.—Anon, good Nurse!—Sweet Montague, be true.Stay but a little. I will come again.O blessèd, blessèd night! I am afeard,Being in night, all this is but a dream,Too flattering sweet to be substantial.Three words, dear Romeo, and good night indeed.If that thy bent of love be honorable,Thy purpose marriage, send me word tomorrowBy one that I’ll procure to come to theeWhere and what time thou wilt perform the rite,And all my fortunes at thy foot I’ll layAnd follow thee my lord throughout the world.
(from within) Madam!I come, anon.—But if thou mean’st not well,I do beseech thee—
(from within) Madam!#LBSFORGOLDOnly to be generous and give it to you once more. But I’m
                                wishing for something I already have. My generosity to you is as
                                limitless as the sea, and my love is as deep. The more love I give
                                you, the more I have. Both loves are infinite.I hear a noise inside. Dear love, goodbye—Just a
                                minute, good Nurse. Sweet Montague, be true. Stay here for a moment.
                                I’ll come back.Oh, blessed, blessed night! Because it’s dark out,
                                I’m afraid all this is just a dream, too sweet to be
                            real.Three words, dear Romeo, and then it’s good night for
                                real. If your intentions as a lover are truly honorable and you want
                                to marry me, send me word tomorrow. I’ll send a messenger
                                to you, and you can pass on a message telling me where and when
                                we’ll be married. I’ll lay all my fortunes at your
                                feet and follow you, my lord, all over the world.
(offstage) Madam!
(to the
                                NURSE) I’ll be right there!
                                (to
                                ROMEO) But if you don’t have
                                honorable intentions, I beg you—
(offstage) Madam!