Good morrow, cousin.   Is the day so young?But new struck nine.   Ay me! Sad hours seem long.Was that my father that went hence so fast?It was. What sadness lengthens Romeo’s hours?Not having that which, having, makes them short.In love?Out.Of love?Out of her favor, where I am in love.Alas, that love, so gentle in his view,Should be so tyrannous and rough in proof!Alas, that love, whose view is muffled still,Should, without eyes, see pathways to his will!Where shall we dine?—O me! What fray was here?Yet tell me not, for I have heard it all.Here’s much to do with hate but more with love.Why then, O brawling love, O loving hate,O anything of nothing first created!O heavy lightness, serious vanity,Misshapen chaos of well-seeming forms!Feather of lead, bright smoke, cold fire, sick health,Still-waking sleep, that is not what it is!This love feel I, that feel no love in this.Dost thou not laugh?#LBSFORGOLDGood morning, cousin.Is it that early in the day?It’s only just now nine o'clock.Oh my, time goes by slowly when you’re sad. Was that my
                                father who left here in such a hurry?It was. What’s making you so sad and your hours so
                            long?I don’t have the thing that makes time fly.You’re in love?Out.Out of love?I love someone. She doesn’t love me.It’s sad. Love looks like a nice thing, but it’s
                                actually very rough when you experience it.What’s sad is that love is supposed to be blind, but it
                                can still make you do whatever it wants. So, where should we eat?
                                (seeing blood) Oh my! What fight
                                happened here? No, don’t tell me—I know all
                                about it. This fight has a lot to do with hatred, but it has more to
                                do with love. O brawling love! O loving hate! Love that comes from
                                nothing! Sad happiness! Serious foolishness! Beautiful things
                                muddled together into an ugly mess! Love is heavy and light, bright
                                and dark, hot and cold, sick and healthy, asleep and
                                awake—it’s everything except what it is! This
                                is the love I feel, though no one loves me back. Are you
                            laughing?