The what?The pox of such antic, lisping, affecting fantasmines, these new
                                tuners of accents! “By Jesu, a very good blade! A very
                                tall man! A very good whore!” Why, is not this a
                                lamentable thing, grandsire, that we should be thus afflicted with
                                these strange flies, these fashion-mongers, these
                                “pardon me’s,” who stand so much on
                                the new form, that they cannot sit at ease on the old bench? Oh,
                                their bones, their bones!Here comes Romeo, here comes Romeo.Without his roe, like a dried herring. O flesh, flesh, how art
                                thou fishified! Now is he for the numbers that Petrarch flowed in.
                                Laura to his lady was but a kitchen-wench— marry, she
                                had a better love to berhyme her—Dido a dowdy, Cleopatra
                                a gypsy, Helen and Hero hildings and harlots, Thisbe a grey eye or
                                so, but not to the purpose.— Signior Romeo,
                                bonjour! There’s a French
                                salutation to your French slop. You gave us the counterfeit fairly
                                last night.#LBSFORGOLDHe knows what?I hate these crazy, affected guys who use foreign phrases and
                                newfangled expressions. I hate their strange manners and their weird
                                accents! I hate it when they say, “By Jesus, this is a
                                very good blade, a very brave man, a very good whore.”
                                Isn’t this a sad thing, my good man? Why should we put up
                                with these foreign buzzards, these fashionmongers, these guys who
                                say “pardon me,” these guys who care so much
                                about manners that they can’t kick back on a bench without
                                whining? “Oh, my aching bones!”Here comes Romeo, here comes Romeo!He looks skinny, like a dried herring without its eggs, and he
                                hasn’t got his girl. O flesh, flesh, you’ve turned
                                pale and weak like a fish. Now he’s ready for Petrarch’sMercutio teases Romeo by alluding to the poet Petrarch and six mythical and historical women who inspired love poetry.Petrarch’s poetry. Compared to Romeo’s girl, Laura was a
                                kitchen slave. Surely she has a better love to make rhymes for her.
                                Dido was shabbily dressed. Cleopatra was a gypsy girl. Helen and
                                Hero were sluts and harlots. Thisbe might have had a blue eye or
                                two, but that doesn’t matter. Signor Romeo,
                                bonjour. There’s a French
                                greeting that matches your drooping French-style pants. You faked us
                                out pretty good last night.