See where she comes from shrift with merry look.How now, my headstrong? Where have you been gadding?Where I have learned me to repent the sinOf disobedient oppositionTo you and your behests, and am enjoinedBy holy Lawrence to fall prostrate hereTo beg your pardon.
                                (falls to her
                                knees)
Pardon, I beseech you!Henceforward I am ever ruled by you.Send for the county. Go tell him of this.I’ll have this knot knit up tomorrow morning.I met the youthful lord at Lawrence' cell,And gave him what becomèd love I might,Not stepping o'er the bounds of modesty.Why, I am glad on ’t. This is well. Stand up.This is as ’t should be.—Let me see the
                                county.Ay, marry, go, I say, and fetch him hither.—Now, afore God, this reverend holy friar!Our whole city is much bound to him.Nurse, will you go with me into my closetTo help me sort such needful ornamentsAs you think fit to furnish me tomorrow?#LBSFORGOLDLook, she’s come home from confession with a happy look
                                on her face.So, my headstrong daughter, where have you been?I went somewhere where I learned that being disobedient to my
                                father is a sin. Holy Father Lawrence instructed me to fall on my
                                knees and beg your forgiveness.
                                (she kneels
                                    down)
                                Forgive me, I beg you. From now on I’ll do whatever you
                                say.Send for the Count. Go tell him about this. I’ll make
                                this wedding happen tomorrow morning.I met the young man at Lawrence’s cell. I treated him
                                with the proper love, as well as I could, while still being
                            modest.Well, I’m glad about this. This is good. Stand up.This is the way it should be. I want to see the count. Yes,
                                alright, go, I say, and bring him here. Now, before God, our whole
                                city owes this friar a great debt.Nurse, will you come with me to my closet and help me pick out the
                                clothes and the jewelry I’ll need to wear tomorrow?