But, like a misbehaved and sullen wench,Thou pout’st upon thy fortune and thy love.Take heed, take heed, for such die miserable.Go, get thee to thy love, as was decreed.Ascend her chamber, hence, and comfort her.But look thou stay not till the watch be set,For then thou canst not pass to Mantua,Where thou shalt live, till we can find a timeTo blaze your marriage, reconcile your friends,Beg pardon of the Prince, and call thee backWith twenty hundred thousand times more joyThan thou went’st forth in lamentation.—Go before, Nurse. Commend me to thy lady,And bid her hasten all the house to bed,Which heavy sorrow makes them apt unto.Romeo is coming.O Lord, I could have stayed here all the nightTo hear good counsel. Oh, what learning is!My lord, I’ll tell my lady you will come.Do so, and bid my sweet prepare to chide.Here, sir, a ring she bid me give you, sir.
(gives ROMEO
                                JULIET’s ring)
Hie you, make haste, for it grows very late.How well my comfort is revived by this!#LBSFORGOLDBut like a misbehaved, sullen girl, you’re whining about
                                your bad luck and your love. Listen, listen, people who act like
                                that die miserable. Go be with your love, as it was decided at your
                                wedding. Climb up to her bedroom and comfort her. But get out of
                                there before the night watchmen take their positions. Then you will
                                escape to the city of Mantua, where you’ll live until we
                                can make your marriage public and make peace between your families.
                                We’ll ask the Prince to pardon you. Then we’ll
                                welcome you back with twenty thousand times more joy than
                                you’ll have when you leave this town crying. Go ahead,
                                Nurse. Give my regards to your lady, and tell her to hurry everybody
                                in the house to bed. I’m sure they’re all so sad
                                that they’ll be ready to sleep. Romeo is coming.O Lord, I could stay here all night listening to such good advice.
                                Educated men are so impressive!
                                (speaking
                                to
                                ROMEO) My lord, I’ll tell my
                                lady you will come.Do so, and tell my sweet to be ready to scold me.Here, sir, this is a ring she asked me to give you. Hurry up,
                                it’s getting late.
                                (she
                                gives
                                ROMEO
                                JULIET’s
                                ring)
This makes me feel so much better!