I' faith, I am sorry that thou art not well.Sweet, sweet, sweet Nurse, tell me, what says my love?Your love says, like an honest gentleman, and a
courteous, and a kind, and a handsome, and, I
warrant, a virtuous— Where is your mother?
Where is my mother? Why, she is within.Where should she be? How oddly thou repliest!“Your love says, like an honest gentleman,'Where is your mother?'”     O
                                God’s lady dear,Are you so hot? Marry, come up, I trow.Is this the poultice for my aching bones?Henceforward do your messages yourself.Here’s such a coil. Come, what says Romeo?Have you got leave to go to shrift today?I have.Then hie you hence to Friar Lawrence’s cell.There stays a husband to make you a wife.Now comes the wanton blood up in your cheeks.They’ll be in scarlet straight at any news.Hie you to church. I must another wayTo fetch a ladder, by the which your loveMust climb a bird’s nest soon when it is dark.I am the drudge and toil in your delight,But you shall bear the burden soon at night.Go. I’ll to dinner. Hie you to the cell.#LBSFORGOLDBelieve me, I’m sorry you’re in pain. Sweet,
                                sweet, sweet Nurse, tell me, what did my love Romeo say?Your love says, like an honorable gentleman, who is courteous,
                                kind, handsome, and, I believe, virtuous— where is your
                                mother?Where is my mother? Why, she’s inside. Where else would
                                she be? Your answer is so strange! “Your love says, like
                                an honorable gentleman, 'Where is your
                                mother?'”Oh holy Mary, mother of God! Are you this impatient? Come on,
                                you’re being ridiculous! Is this the cure for my aching
                                bones? From now on, take care of your messages yourself.You’re making such a fuss. Come on, what did Romeo
                            say?Do you have permission to go out and take confession today?I do.Then hurry up and rush over to Friar Lawrence’s cell.
                                There’s a husband there who’s waiting to make you
                                his wife. Now I see the blood rushing to your cheeks. You blush
                                bright red as soon as you hear any news. Go to the church. I must go
                                by a different path to get a rope ladder. Your love will use it to
                                climb up to your window while it’s dark. I do the drudge
                                work for your pleasure. But soon you’ll be doing a
                                wife’s work all night long. Go. I’ll go to lunch.
                                You go to Friar Lawrence’s cell.