Where’s Potpan, that he helps not to take away? He shift
                                a trencher? He scrape a trencher!When good manners shall lie all in one or two men’s
                                hands,
and they unwashed too, ’tis a foul thing.
Away with the joint-stools, remove the court-cupboard,
look to the plate. Good thou, save me a piece of marchpane,
and, as thou loves me, let the porter let in Susan Grindstone
and Nell.—Antony and Potpan!
Ay, boy, ready.You are looked for and called for, asked for and sought for,
in the great chamber.
We cannot be here and there too. Cheerly, boys. Be brisk0awhile,
                                and the longer liver take all.Welcome, gentlemen! Ladies that have their toesAh, my mistresses! Which of you allUnplagued with corns will walk a bout with you.—Will now deny to dance? She that makes dainty,She, I’ll swear, hath corns. Am I come near ye
                                now?—Welcome, gentlemen! I have seen the dayThat I have worn a visor and could tellA whispering tale in a fair lady’s earSuch as would please. 'Tis gone, ’tis gone,
                                ’tis gone.—You are welcome, gentlemen.—Come, musicians, play.
(music plays and they dance)
A hall, a hall, give room!—And foot it,
                                girls.—More light, you knaves! And turn the tables up,And quench the fire. The room is grown too hot.—Ah, sirrah, this unlooked-for sport comes well.—Nay, sit, nay, sit, good cousin Capulet,For you and I are past our dancing days.How long is ’t now since last yourself and IWere in a mask?#LBSFORGOLDWhere’s Potpan? Why isn’t he helping us clear
                                the table? He should be moving and scraping plates!When only one or two men have all the good manners, and even they
                                are dirty, things are bad.Take away the stools, the sideboards, and the plates. You, good
                                friend, save me a piece of marzipan, and if you love me, have the
                                porter let in Susan Grindstone and Nell. Antony and Potpan!Yes, boy, I’m ready.They’re looking for you in the great chamber.We can’t be in two places at once, both here and there!
                                Cheers, boys. Be quick for a while and let the one who lives the
                                longest take everything.Welcome, gentlemen. The ladies who don’t have corns on
                                their toes will dance with you. Ha, my ladies, which of you will
                                refuse to dance now? Whichever of you acts shy, I’ll swear
                                she has corns. Does that hit close to home? Welcome, gentlemen.
                                There was a time when I could wear a mask over my eyes and charm a
                                lady by whispering a story in her ear. That time is gone, gone,
                                gone. You are welcome gentlemen. Come on, musicians, play music.
                                (music plays and they dance, ROMEO
                                stands apart) Make room in the hall.
                                Make room in the hall. Shake a leg,
                                girls. (to
                                SERVINGMEN) More light, you rascals.
                                Flip over the tables and get them out of the way. And put the fire
                                out—it’s getting too hot in here.
                                (to his
                                COUSIN) Ah, my man, this unexpected
                                fun feels good. No, sit down, sit down, my good Capulet cousin. You
                                and I are too old to dance. (CAPULET
                                and his COUSIN
                                sit down) How long is it now since
                                you and I last wore masks at a party like this?