And we mean well in going to this mask,But ’tis no wit to go.   Why, may one ask?I dreamt a dream tonight.     And
                                so did I.Well, what was yours?     That
                                dreamers often lie.In bed asleep while they do dream things true.Oh, then, I see Queen Mab hath been with you.Queen Mab, what’s sheShe is the fairies' midwife, and she comesIn shape no bigger than an agate stoneOn the forefinger of an alderman,Drawn with a team of little atomiOver men’s noses as they lie asleep.Her wagon spokes made of long spinners' legs,The cover of the wings of grasshoppers,Her traces of the smallest spider’s web,Her collars of the moonshine’s watery beams,Her whip of cricket’s bone, the lash of film,Her wagoner a small gray-coated gnat,Not half so big as a round little wormPricked from the lazy finger of a maid.#LBSFORGOLDWe mean well by going to this masquerade ball, but it’s
                                not smart of us to go.Why, may I ask?I had a dream last night.So did I.Well, what was your dream?My dream told me that dreamers often lie.They lie in bed while they dream about the truth.Oh, then I see you’ve been with Queen“Quean” is slang for whore, and Mab is a stereotypical prostitute’s name.Queen Mab.Who’s Queen Mab?She’s the fairies' midwife. She’s no
                                bigger than the stone on a city councilman’s ring. She
                                rides around in a wagon drawn by tiny little atoms, and she rides
                                over men’s noses as they lie sleeping. The spokes of her
                                wagon are made of spiders' legs. The cover of her wagon is
                                made of grasshoppers' wings. The harnesses are made of the
                                smallest spiderwebs. The collars are made out of moonbeams. Her whip
                                is a thread attached to a cricket’s bone. Her wagon driver
                                is a tiny bug in a gray coat; he’s not half the size of a
                                little round wormIt was believed that worms sprung from the fingers of young girls who sat about doing nothing.worm that comes from the finger of a lazy young girl.