   No, coz, I rather
                            weep.Good heart, at what?At thy good heart’s oppression.Why, such is love’s transgression.Griefs of mine own lie heavy in my breast,Which thou wilt propagate, to have it pressedWith more of thine. This love that thou hast shownDoth add more grief to too much of mine own.Love is a smoke raised with the fume of sighs;Being purged, a fire sparkling in lovers' eyes;Being vexed, a sea nourished with loving tears.What is it else? A madness most discreet,A choking gall, and a preserving sweet.Farewell, my coz.   Soft! I will go along.And if you leave me so, you do me wrong.Tut, I have lost myself. I am not here.This is not Romeo. He’s some other where.Tell me in sadness, who is that you love.What, shall I groan and tell thee?Groan! Why, no. But sadly, tell me who.#LBSFORGOLDNo, cousin, I’m crying.Good man, why are you crying?I’m crying because of how sad you are.Yes, this is what love does. My sadness sits heavy in my chest,
                                and you want to add your own sadness to mine so there’s
                                even more. I have too much sadness already, and now you’re
                                going to make me sadder by feeling sorry for you. Here’s
                                what love is: a smoke made out of lovers' sighs. When the
                                smoke clears, love is a fire burning in your lover’s eyes.
                                If you frustrate love, you get an ocean made out of lovers'
                                tears. What else is love? It’s a wise form of madness.
                                It’s a sweet lozenge that you choke on. Goodbye,
                            cousin.Wait. I’ll come with you. If you leave me like this,
                                you’re doing me wrong.I’m not myself. I’m not here. This
                                isn’t Romeo—he’s somewhere
                            else.Tell me seriously, who is the one you love?Seriously? You mean I should groan and tell you?Groan? No. But tell me seriously who it is.