Then will I lay the serving creature’s dagger on your
                                pate. I will carry no crotchets. I’ll
                                re you, I’ll
                                fa you. Do you note me?An you re us and
                                fa us, you note us.Pray you, put up your dagger and put out your wit.Then have at you with my wit. I will dry-beat you
with an iron wit and put up my iron dagger. Answer
me like men.

(sings)
 When griping grief the heart
                                    doth wound
 And doleful dumps the mind
                                    oppress,
 Then music with her silver
                                    sound—

(speaks) Why “silver
                                sound”? Why “music with her silver
sound”? What say you, Simon Catling?
Marry, sir, because silver hath a sweet sound.Prates.—What say you, Hugh Rebeck?I say, “silver sound” because musicians
                                sound for silver.Prates too.—What say you, James Soundpost?Faith, I know not what to say.#LBSFORGOLDThen I’ll smack you on the head with the
                                serving-creature’s knife. I won’t mess around.
                                I’ll make you sing. Do you hear me?If you make us sing, you’ll hear us.Please, put down your knife and stop kidding around.So you don’t like my kidding around! I’ll kid
                                you to death, and then I’ll put down my knife. Answer me
                                like men.
(sings)

When sadness wounds your heart,
 And pain takes over your
                                mind,
 Then music with her silver
                                    sound—

(speaks) Why the line
                                “silver sound”? What do they mean,
                                “music with her silver sound”? What do you
                                say, Simon CatlingCatling = a violin stringCatling?Well, sir, because silver has a sweet sound.That’s a stupid answer! What do you say, Hugh RebeckRebeck = a fiddleRebeck?I say “silver sound,” because musicians
                                play to earn silver.Another studpid answer! What do you say, James SoundpostSoundpost = part of a violinSoundpost?Well, I don’t know what to say.