     (aside)
                                She speaks.O, speak again, bright angel! For thou artAs glorious to this night, being o'er my head,As is a wingèd messenger of heavenUnto the white, upturnèd, wondering eyesOf mortals that fall back to gaze on himWhen he bestrides the lazy-puffing cloudsAnd sails upon the bosom of the air.O Romeo, Romeo! Wherefore art thou Romeo?Deny thy father and refuse thy name.Or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love,And I’ll no longer be a Capulet.
(aside) Shall I hear more, or shall
                                I speak at this?'Tis but thy name that is my enemy.Thou art thyself, though not a Montague.What’s Montague? It is nor hand, nor foot,Nor arm, nor face, nor any other partBelonging to a man. O, be some other name!What’s in a name? That which we call a roseBy any other word would smell as sweet.So Romeo would, were he not Romeo called,Retain that dear perfection which he owesWithout that title. Romeo, doff thy name,And for that name, which is no part of theeTake all myself.   I take thee at thy word.Call me but love, and I’ll be new baptized.Henceforth I never will be Romeo.What man art thou that, thus bescreened in night,So stumblest on my counsel?#LBSFORGOLD
(to himself) She speaks. Oh, speak
                                again, bright angel. You are as glorious as an angel tonight. You
                                shine above me, like a winged messenger from heaven who makes mortal
                                men fall on their backs to look up at the sky, watching the angel
                                walking on the clouds and sailing on the air.
(not knowing ROMEO
                                hears her) Oh, Romeo, Romeo, why do
                                you have to be Romeo? Forget about your father and change your name.
                                Or else, if you won’t change your name, just swear you love
                                me and I’ll stop being a Capulet.
(to himself) Should I listen for
                                more, or should I speak now?
(still not knowing ROMEO
                                hears her) It’s only your
                                name that’s my enemy. You’d still be yourself even
                                if you stopped being a Montague. What’s a Montague anyway?
                                It isn’t a hand, a foot, an arm, a face, or any other part
                                of a man. Oh, be some other name! What does a name mean? The thing
                                we call a rose would smell just as sweet if we called it by any
                                other name. Romeo would be just as perfect even if he
                                wasn’t called Romeo. Romeo, lose your name. Trade in your
                                name—which really has nothing to do with
                                you—and take all of me in exchange.
(to
                                JULIET) I trust your words. Just call
                                me your love, and I will take a new name. From now on I will never
                                be Romeo again.Who are you? Why do you hide in the darkness and listen to my
                                private thoughts?