What, shall this speech be spoke for our excuse?Or shall we on without apology?The date is out of such prolixity.We’ll have no Cupid hoodwinked with a scarf,Bearing a Tartar’s painted bow of lath,Scaring the ladies like a crowkeeper,Nor no without-book prologue, faintly spokeAfter the prompter for our entrance.But let them measure us by what they will.We’ll measure them a measure and be gone.Give me a torch. I am not for this ambling.Being but heavy, I will bear the light.Nay, gentle Romeo, we must have you dance.Not I, believe me. You have dancing shoesWith nimble soles. I have a soul of leadSo stakes me to the ground I cannot move.You are a lover. Borrow Cupid’s wingsAnd soar with them above a common bound.I am too sore enpiercèd with his shaftTo soar with his light feathers, and so bound,I cannot bound a pitch above dull woe.Under love’s heavy burden do I sink.#LBSFORGOLDWhat will we say is our excuse for being here? Or should we enter
                                without apologizing?It’s out of fashion to give lengthy explanations like
                                that. We’re not going to introduce our dance by having
                                someone dress up as Cupid, blindfolded and carrying a toy bow to
                                frighten the ladies like a scarecrow. Nor are we going to recite a
                                memorized speech to introduce ourselves. Let them judge us however
                                they please. We’ll give them a dance and then hit the
                            road.Give me a torch. I don’t want to dance. I feel sad, so
                                let me be the one who carries the light.No, noble Romeo, you’ve got to dance.Not me, believe me. You’re wearing dancing shoes with
                                nimble soles. My soul is made out of lead, and it’s so
                                heavy it keeps me stuck on the ground so I can’t
                            move.You’re a lover. Take Cupid’s wings and fly
                                higher than the average man.His arrow has pierced me too deeply, so I can’t fly high
                                with his cheerful feathers. Because this wound keeps me down, I
                                can’t leap any higher than my dull sadness. I sink under
                                the heavy weight of love.