Hang thee, young baggage! Disobedient wretch!I tell thee what: get thee to church o' Thursday,Or never after look me in the face.Speak not. Reply not. Do not answer me.My fingers itch.—Wife, we scarce thought us blestThat God had lent us but this only child,But now I see this one is one too muchAnd that we have a curse in having her.Out on her, hilding!     God
                                in heaven bless her!You are to blame, my lord, to rate her so.And why, my Lady Wisdom? Hold your tongue,Good prudence. Smatter with your gossips, go.I speak no treason.   Oh, God
                                'i' good e'en.May not one speak?   Peace, you mumbling fool!Utter your gravity o'er a gossip’s bowl,For here we need it not.     You
                                are too hot.God’s bread! It makes me mad.Day, night, hour, tide, time, work, play,Alone, in company, still my care hath beenTo have her matched. And having now providedA gentleman of noble parentage,Of fair demesnes, youthful, and nobly trained,Stuffed, as they say, with honorable parts,Proportioned as one’s thought would wish a
                                man—And then to have a wretched puling fool,A whining mammet, in her fortune’s tender,To answer “I’ll not wed,”
                                “I cannot love,”“I am too young,” “I pray you,
                                pardon me.”—But, an you will not wed, I’ll pardon you.Graze where you will, you shall not house with me.Look to ’t, think on ’t, I do not use to jest.Thursday is near. Lay hand on heart, advise.An you be mine, I’ll give you to my friend.An you be not, hang, beg, starve, die in the streets,For, by my soul, I’ll ne'er acknowledge thee,Nor what is mine shall never do thee good.Trust to ’t, bethink you. I’ll not be
                            forsworn.#LBSFORGOLDForget about you, you worthless girl! You disobedient wretch!
                                I’ll tell you what. Go to church on Thursday or never look
                                me in the face again. Don’t say anything. Don’t
                                reply. Don’t talk back to me.
(JULIET
                                rises)
I feel like slapping you. Wife, we never thought ourselves blessed
                                that God only gave us this one child. But now I see that this one is
                                one too many. We were cursed when we had her. She disgusts me, the
                                little hussy!God in heaven bless her! My lord, you’re wrong to berate
                                her like that.And why, wise lady? You shut up, old woman. Go blabber with your
                                gossiping friends.I’ve said nothing wrong.Oh, for God’s sake.Can’t I say something?Be quiet, you mumbling fool! Say your serious things at lunch with
                                your gossiping friends. We don’t need to hear it.You’re getting too angry.Goddammit! It makes me mad. Day and night, hour after hour, all
                                the time, at work, at play, alone, in company, my top priority has
                                always been to find her a husband. Now I’ve provided a
                                husband from a noble family, who is good-looking, young,
                                well-educated. He’s full of good qualities.He’s the man of any girl’s dreams. But this
                                wretched, whimpering fool, like a whining puppet, she looks at this
                                good fortune and answers, “I won’t get married.
                                I can’t fall in love. I’m too young. Please,
                                excuse me.” Well, if you won’t get married,
                                I’ll excuse you. Eat wherever you want, but you can no
                                longer live under my roof. Consider that. Think about it.
                                I’m not in the habit of joking. Thursday is coming. Put
                                your hand on your heart and listen to my advice. If you act like my
                                daughter, I’ll marry you to my friend. If you
                                don’t act like my daughter, you can beg, starve, and die in
                                the streets. I swear on my soul, I will never take you back or do
                                anything for you. Believe me. Think about it. I won’t break
                                this promise.