     By
                                a nameI know not how to tell thee who I am.My name, dear saint, is hateful to myselfBecause it is an enemy to thee.Had I it written, I would tear the word.My ears have not yet drunk a hundred wordsOf that tongue’s uttering, yet I know the sound.Art thou not Romeo, and a Montague?Neither, fair maid, if either thee dislike.How camest thou hither, tell me, and wherefore?The orchard walls are high and hard to climb,And the place death, considering who thou art,If any of my kinsmen find thee here.With love’s light wings did I o'erperch these
                                walls,For stony limits cannot hold love out,And what love can do, that dares love attempt.Therefore thy kinsmen are no stop to me.If they do see thee they will murder thee.Alack, there lies more peril in thine eyeThan twenty of their swords. Look thou but sweet,And I am proof against their enmity.I would not for the world they saw thee here.I have night’s cloak to hide me from their eyes,And but thou love me, let them find me here.My life were better ended by their hateThan death proroguèd, wanting of thy love.#LBSFORGOLDI don’t know how to tell you who I am by telling you a
                                name. I hate my name, dear saint, because my name is your enemy. If
                                I had it written down, I would tear up the paper.I haven’t heard you say a hundred words yet, but I
                                recognize the sound of your voice. Aren’t you Romeo? And
                                aren’t you a Montague?I am neither of those things if you dislike them.Tell me, how did you get in here? And why did you come? The
                                orchard walls are high, and it’s hard to climb over them.
                                If any of my relatives find you here they’ll kill you
                                because of who you are.I flew over these walls with the light wings of love. Stone walls
                                can’t keep love out. Whatever a man in love can possibly
                                do, his love will make him try to do it. Therefore your relatives
                                are no obstacle.If they see you, they’ll murder you.Alas, one angry look from you would be worse than twenty of your
                                relatives with swords. Just look at me kindly, and I’m
                                invincible against their hatred.I’d give anything to keep them from seeing you
                            here.The darkness will hide me from them. And if you don’t
                                love me, let them find me here. I’d rather they killed me
                                than have to live without your love.