     There’s
                                no trust,No faith, no honesty in men. All perjured,All forsworn, all naught, all dissemblers.Ah, where’s my man?—Give me some aqua
                                vitae.—These griefs, these woes, these sorrows make me old.Shame come to Romeo!   Blistered be thy tongueFor such a wish! He was not born to shame.Upon his brow shame is ashamed to sit,For ’tis a throne where honor may be crowned.Sole monarch of the universal earth,Oh, what a beast was I to chide at him!Will you speak well of him that killed your cousin?Shall I speak ill of him that is my husband?Ah, poor my lord, what tongue shall smooth thy name,When I, thy three hours' wife, have mangled it?But wherefore, villain, didst thou kill my cousin?That villain cousin would have killed my husband.Back, foolish tears, back to your native spring.Your tributary drops belong to woe,Which you, mistaking, offer up to joy.My husband lives, that Tybalt would have slain,And Tybalt’s dead, that would have slain my husband.All this is comfort. Wherefore weep I then?Some word there was, worser than Tybalt’s death,That murdered me. I would forget it fain,But oh, it presses to my memory,Like damnèd guilty deeds to sinners' minds.“Tybalt is dead, and Romeo
                                banishèd.”#LBSFORGOLDThere is no trust, no faith, no honesty in men. All of them lie.
                                All of them cheat. They’re all wicked. Ah, where’s
                                my servant?—Give me some brandy.—These
                                griefs, these pains, these sorrows make me old. Shame on
                            Romeo!I hope sores cover your tongue for a wish like that! He was not
                                born to be shameful. Shame does not belong with Romeo. He deserves
                                only honor, complete honor. Oh, I was such a beast to be angry at
                                him.Are you going to say good things about the man who killed your
                                cousin?Am I supposed to say bad things about my own husband? Ah, my poor
                                husband, who will sing your praises when I, your wife of three
                                hours, have been saying awful things about you? But why, you
                                villain, did you kill my cousin? Probably because my cousin the
                                villain would have killed my husband. I’m not going to cry
                                any tears. I would cry with joy that Romeo is alive, but I should
                                cry tears of grief because Tybalt is dead. My husband, whom Tybalt
                                wanted to kill, is alive. Tybalt, who wanted to kill my husband, is
                                dead. All this is comforting news. Why, then, should I cry? There is
                                news worse than the news that Tybalt is dead, news that makes me
                                want to die. I would be glad to forget about it, but it weighs on my
                                memory like sins linger in guilty minds. “Tybalt is
                                dead, and Romeo has been banished.”