There on the ground, with his own tears made drunk.Oh, he is even in my mistress' case,Just in her case. O woeful sympathy,Piteous predicament! Even so lies she,Blubbering and weeping, weeping and blubbering.Stand up, stand up. Stand, an you be a man.For Juliet’s sake, for her sake, rise and stand.Why should you fall into so deep an O?Nurse!Ah sir, ah sir. Death’s the end of all.Spakest thou of Juliet? How is it with her?Doth she not think me an old murderer,Now I have stained the childhood of our joyWith blood removed but little from her own?Where is she? And how doth she? And what saysMy concealed lady to our canceled love?Oh, she says nothing, sir, but weeps and weeps,And now falls on her bed, and then starts up,And “Tybalt” calls, and then on Romeo
                                cries,And then down falls again.     As
                                if that name,Shot from the deadly level of a gun,Did murder her, as that name’s cursed handMurdered her kinsman. O, tell me, Friar, tell me,In what vile part of this anatomyDoth my name lodge? Tell me, that I may sackThe hateful mansion.
                                (draws his
                                dagger)
#LBSFORGOLDHe’s there on the ground. He’s been getting
                                drunk on his own tears.Oh, he’s acting just like Juliet, just like her. Oh
                                painful sympathy! What a pitiful problem! She’s lying on
                                the ground just like him, blubbering and weeping, weeping and
                                blubbering. Stand up. Stand up. Stand up if you’re really a
                                man. For Juliet’s sake, for her sake, rise and stand up.
                                Why should you fall into so deep a moan?Nurse!Ah sir, ah sir. Well, death is the end for everybody.Were you talking about Juliet? How is she? Does she think that
                                I’m a practiced murderer because I tainted our newfound joy
                                by killing one of her close relatives? Where is she? How is she
                                doing? What does my hidden wife say about our ruined love?Oh, she doesn’t say anything, sir. She just weeps and
                                weeps. She falls on her bed and then starts to get up. Then she
                                calls out Tybalt’s name and cries
                                “Romeo,” and then she falls down
                            again.She’s calling out my name as if I were a bullet murdering
                                her, just like I murdered her relative. Tell me, Friar, in what part
                                of my body is my name embedded? Tell me, so I can cut it out of
                                myself. (he draws his dagger)
