Rebellious subjects, enemies to peace,Profaners of this neighbor-stainèd steel!—Will they not hear?—What, ho! You men, you beasts,That quench the fire of your pernicious rageWith purple fountains issuing from your veins,On pain of torture, from those bloody handsThrow your mistempered weapons to the ground,And hear the sentence of your movèd prince.Three civil brawls, bred of an airy word,By thee, old Capulet, and Montague,Have thrice disturbed the quiet of our streetsAnd made Verona’s ancient citizensCast by their grave-beseeming ornaments,To wield old partisans in hands as old,Cankered with peace, to part your cankered hate.If ever you disturb our streets again,Your lives shall pay the forfeit of the peace.For this time, all the rest depart away.You, Capulet, shall go along with me,And, Montague, come you this afternoonTo know our farther pleasure in this case,To old Free-town, our common judgment-place.Once more, on pain of death, all men depart.Who set this ancient quarrel new abroach?Speak, nephew. Were you by when it began?#LBSFORGOLD
(shouting at the rioters) You
                                rebels! Enemies of the peace! Men who turn their weapons against
                                their own neighbors—They won’t listen to
                                me?—You there! You men, you beasts, who satisfy your
                                anger with fountains of each others' blood! I’ll
                                have you tortured if you don’t put down your swords and
                                listen to your angry prince.
                                (MONTAGUE,
                                CAPULET, and their followers throw down their
                                weapons)
                                Three times now riots have broken out in this city, all because of a
                                casual word from you, old Capulet and Montague. Three times the
                                peace has been disturbed in our streets, and Verona’s old
                                citizens have had to take off their dress clothes and pick up rusty
                                old spears to part you. If you ever cause a disturbance on our
                                streets again, you’ll pay for it with your lives. Everyone
                                else, go away for now. (to CAPULET)
                                You, Capulet, come with me. (to
                                MONTAGUE) Montague, this afternoon come to old Free-town, the court
                                where I deliver judgments, and I’ll tell you what else I
                                want from you. As for the rest of you, I’ll say this once
                                more: go away or be put to death.Who started this old fight up again? Speak, nephew. Were you here
                                when it started?