Romeo! My nyas?   What o'clock
                                tomorrowShall I send to thee?   By the hour of nine.I will not fail. 'Tis twenty year till then.I have forgot why I did call thee back.Let me stand here till thou remember it.I shall forget, to have thee still stand there,Remembering how I love thy company.And I’ll still stay, to have thee still forget,Forgetting any other home but this.'Tis almost morning. I would have thee gone.And yet no further than a wanton’s bird,That lets it hop a little from his handLike a poor prisoner in his twisted gyves,And with a silken thread plucks it back again,So loving-jealous of his liberty.I would I were thy bird.     Sweet,
                                so would I.Yet I should kill thee with much cherishing.Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrowThat I shall say good night till it be morrow.#LBSFORGOLDRomeo!My baby hawk?What time tomorrow should I send a messenger to you?By nine o'clock.I won’t fail. From now until then seems like twenty
                                years. I have forgotten why I called you back.Let me stand here until you remember your reason.I’ll forget it, and you’ll have to stand there
                                forever. I’ll only remember how much I love your
                            company.I’ll keep standing here, even if you keep forgetting.
                                I’ll forget that I have any home besides this spot right
                                here.It’s almost morning. I want to make you go, but
                                I’d only let you go as far as a spoiled child lets his pet
                                bird go. He lets the bird hop a little from his hand and then yanks
                                him back by a string.I wish I was your bird.My sweet, so do I. But I would kill you by petting you too much.
                                Good night, good night. Parting is such sweet sorrow that
                                I’ll say good night until tonight becomes tomorrow.