It fits when such a villain is a guest.I’ll not endure him.   He shall be endured.What, goodman boy! I say, he shall. Go to.Am I the master here, or you? Go to.You’ll not endure him! God shall mend my soul,You’ll make a mutiny among my guests.You will set cock-a-hoop. You’ll be the man!Why, uncle, ’tis a shame.     Go
                                to, go to.You are a saucy boy. Is ’t so, indeed?This trick may chance to scathe you, I know what.You must contrary me. Marry, ’tis time.—Well said, my hearts!—You are a princox, go.Be quiet, or—More light, more light!—For
                                shame!I’ll make you quiet.—What, cheerly, my
                                hearts!Patience perforce with willful choler meetingMakes my flesh tremble in their different greeting.I will withdraw, but this intrusion shallNow seeming sweet, convert to bitterest gall.#LBSFORGOLDIt’s the right way to act when a villain like him shows
                                up. I won’t tolerate him.You will tolerate him. What, little
                                man? I say you will. What the—Am I the boss here or you?
                                What the—You won’t tolerate him! God help me!
                                You’ll start a riot among my guests! There will be chaos!
                                It will be your fault, you’ll be the rabble-rouser!But, uncle, we’re being disrespected.Go on, go on. You’re an insolent little boy. Is that how
                                it is, really? This stupidity will come back to bite you. I know
                                what I’ll do. You have to contradict me, do you?
                                I’ll teach you a lesson.
                                (to
                                the
                                GUESTS) Well done, my dear guests!
                                (to
                                TYBALT) You’re a punk, get
                                away. Keep your mouth shut, or else—
                                (to
                                SERVINGMEN) more light, more light!
                                (to
                                TYBALT) You should be ashamed.
                                ’ll shut you up.
                                (to the guests) Keep having fun, my
                                dear friends!The combination of forced patience and pure rage is making my body
                                tremble. I’ll leave here now, but Romeo’s prank,
                                which seems so sweet to him now, will turn bitter to him
                            later.