I do protest I never injured thee,But love thee better than thou canst devise,Till thou shalt know the reason of my love.And so, good Capulet—which name I tenderAs dearly as my own—be satisfied.O calm dishonourable, vile submission!
Alla stoccata carries it away.
                                (draws his sword)
Tybalt, you ratcatcher, will you walk?What wouldst thou have with me?Good King of Cats, nothing but one of your nine lives, that I mean
                                to make bold withal, and, as you shall use me hereafter, dry-beat
                                the rest of the eight. Will you pluck your sword out of his pilcher
                                by the ears? Make haste, lest mine be about your ears ere it be
                            out.I am for you.
                                (draws his
                            sword)
Gentle Mercutio, put thy rapier up.Come, sir, your passado.
(draws his sword) Draw, Benvolio.
                                Beat down their weapons.Gentlemen, for shame! Forbear this outrage.Tybalt, Mercutio! The Prince expressly hathForbidden bandying in Verona streets.Hold, Tybalt! Good Mercutio!#LBSFORGOLDI disagree. I’ve never done you harm. I love you more
                                than you can understand until you know the reason why I love you.
                                And so, good Capulet—which is a name I love like my own
                                name—you should be satisfied with what I say.This calm submission is dishonorable and vile. The thrust of a
                                sword will end this surrender.
                                (draws his
                                    sword)Tybalt,
                                you rat-catcher, will you go fight me?What do you want from me?Good King of Cats, I want to take one of your nine lives.
                                I’ll take one, and, depending on how you treat me after
                                that, I might beat the other eight out of you too. Will you pull
                                your sword out of its sheath? Hurry up, or I’ll smack you
                                on the ears with my sword before you have yours drawn.I’ll fight you.
                                (he draws his
                                    sword)
Noble Mercutio, put your sword away.
(to
                                TYBALT) Come on, sir, perform your
                                forward thrust, your passado.

(drawing his sword) Draw your
                                sword, Benvolio. Let’s beat down their weapons. Gentlemen,
                                stop this disgraceful fight. Tybalt, Mercutio, the Prince has banned
                                fighting in the streets of Verona. Stop, Tybalt. Stop, good
                                Mercutio.