Romeo, come forth. Come forth, thou fearful man.Affliction is enamoured of thy parts,And thou art wedded to calamity.Father, what news? What is the Prince’s doom?What sorrow craves acquaintance at my handThat I yet know not?     Too
                                familiarIs my dear son with such sour company.I bring thee tidings of the Prince’s doom.What less than doomsday is the Prince’s doom?A gentler judgment vanished from his lips:Not body’s death, but body’s banishment.Ha, banishment! Be merciful, say “death,”For exile hath more terror in his look,Much more than death. Do not say
                                “banishment.”Hence from Verona art thou banishèd.Be patient, for the world is broad and wide.There is no world without Verona wallsBut purgatory, torture, hell itself.Hence “banishèd” is banished
                                from the world,And world’s exile is death. Then
                                “banishèd,”#LBSFORGOLDRomeo, come out. Come out, you frightened man. Trouble likes you,
                                and you’re married to disaster.Father, what’s the news? What punishment did the Prince
                                announce? What suffering lies in store for me that I don’t
                                know about yet?You know too much about suffering. I have news for you about the
                                Prince’s punishment.Is the Prince’s punishment any less awful than
                            doomsday?He made a gentler decision. You won’t die, but
                                you’ll be banished from the city.Ha, banishment? Be merciful and say
                                “death.” Exile is much worse than death.
                                Don’t say “banishment.”From now on, you are banished from Verona. You should be able to
                                endure this because the world is broad and wide.There is no world for me outside the walls of Verona, except
                                purgatory, torture, and hell itself. So to be banished from Verona
                                is like being banished from the world, and being banished from the
                                world is death.