Verona’s summer hath not such a flower.Nay, he’s a flower. In faith, a very flower.What say you? Can you love the gentleman?This night you shall behold him at our feast.Read o'er the volume of young Paris' faceAnd find delight writ there with beauty’s pen.Examine every married lineamentAnd see how one another lends content,And what obscured in this fair volume liesFind written in the margin of his eyes.This precious book of love, this unbound lover,To beautify him only lacks a cover.The fish lives in the sea, and ’tis much prideFor fair without the fair within to hide.That book in many’s eyes doth share the gloryThat in gold clasps locks in the golden story.So shall you share all that he doth possessBy having him, making yourself no less.No less? Nay, bigger. Women grow by men.Speak briefly. Can you like of Paris, love?I’ll look to like if looking liking move.But no more deep will I endart mine eyeThan your consent gives strength to make it fly.#LBSFORGOLDSummertime in Verona has no flower as fine as him.No, he’s a fine flower, truly, a flower.
(to
                                JULIET) What do you say? Can you love
                                this gentleman? Tonight you’ll see him at our feast. Study
                                Paris’s face and find pleasure in his beauty. Examine every
                                line of his features and see how they work together to make him
                                handsome. If you are confused, just look into his eyes. This man is
                                single, and he lacks only a bride to make him perfect and complete.
                                As is right, fish live in the sea, and it’s wrong for a
                                beauty like you to hide from a handsome man like him. Many people
                                think he’s handsome, and whoever becomes his bride will be
                                just as admired. You would share all that he possesses, and by
                                having him, you would lose nothing.Lose nothing? In fact, you’d get bigger. Men make women
                                bigger by getting them pregnant.
(to
                                JULIET) Give us a quick answer. Can
                                you accept Paris’s love?I’ll look at him and try to like him, at least if what I
                                see is likable. But I won’t let myself fall for him any
                                more than your permission allows.