Excellent well. You are a fishmonger.Not I, my lord.Then I would you were so honest a man.Honest, my lord?Ay, sir. To be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.That’s very true, my lord.For if the sun breed maggots in a dead dog, being a good kissing carrion— Have you a daughter?I have, my lord.Let her not walk i' th' sun. Conception is a
                                blessing, but, as your daughter may conceive—Friend, look to
                                ’t.
(aside) How say you by that? Still
                                harping on my daughter. Yet he knew me not at first. He said I was a fishmonger. He
                                is far gone, far gone. And truly in my youth I suffered much
                                extremity for love, very near this. I’ll speak to him
                                again.—(to
                                HAMLET) What do you read, my
                            lord?Words, words, words.What is the matter, my lord?Between who?#LBSFORGOLDOf course. You sell fish.No, not me, sir.In that case I wish you were as good a man as a fish
                            seller.Good, sir?Yes, sir. Only one man in ten thousand is good in this
                            world.That’s definitely true, my lord.Since if the sun breeds maggots on a dead dog, kissing the
                                corpse—by the way, do you have a daughter?I do indeed, my lord.Then by all means never let her walk in public. Procreation is a
                                good thing, but if your daughter gets pregnant … look
                                out, friend.
(to himself) Now, what does he mean
                                by that? Still harping on my daughter. But he didn’t
                                recognize me at first. He mistook me for a fish seller.
                                He’s far gone. But when I was young I went crazy for love
                                too, almost as bad as this. I’ll talk to him
                                again.—(to
                                HAMLET) What are you reading, your
                                highness?A lot of words.And what is the subject?Between whom?