I mean, the matter that you read, my lord.Slanders, sir. For the satirical rogue says here that old men 
                                have gray beards, that their faces are wrinkled, their eyes
                                purging thick amber and plum-tree gum, and that they
                                have a plentiful lack of wit, together with most weak
                                hams—all which, sir, though I most powerfully and
                                potently believe, yet I hold it not honesty to have it thus set
                                down; for yourself, sir, should be old as I am, if like a crab
                                you could go backward.
(aside) Though this be madness, yet
                                there is method in ’t.—(to
                                HAMLET) Will you walk out of the air,
                                my lord?Into my grave.Indeed, that is out of the air.
                                (aside) How pregnant sometimes his replies are. A happiness that often madness
                                hits on, which reason and sanity could not so prosperously
                                be delivered of. I will leave him and suddenly contrive the
                                means of meeting between him and my
                                daughter.—(to
                                HAMLET) My honorable lord, I will
                                most humbly take my leave of you.You cannot, sir, take from me any thing that I will more
                                willingly part withal—except my life, except my life,
                                except my life.Fare you well, my lord.
(aside) These tedious old
                            fools!You go to seek the Lord Hamlet. There he is.#LBSFORGOLDI mean, what do the words say?Oh, just lies, sir. The sly writer says here that old men have
                                gray beards, their faces are wrinkled, their eyes full of gunk, and
                                that they have no wisdom and weak thighs. Of course I believe it
                                all, but I don’t think it’s good manners to
                                write it down, since you yourself, sir, would grow as old as I am,
                                if you could only travel backward like a crab.
(to himself) There’s a
                                method to his madness. (to
                                HAMLET) Will you step outside, my
                                lord?Into my grave.Well, that’s certainly out of this world, all right.
                                (to himself) His answers are so full
                                of meaning sometimes! He has a way with words, as crazy people often
                                do, and that sane people don’t have a talent for.
                                I’ll leave him now and arrange a meeting between him and
                                my daughter. (to
                                HAMLET) My lord, I’ll take my leave“take my leave” = say good-byetake my leave of you now.You can’t take anything from me that I care less
                                about—except my life, except my life, except my
                            life.Good-bye, my lord.
(to himself) These boring old
                                fools!You’re looking for Lord Hamlet. He’s right
                                over there.