Prison, my lord?Denmark’s a prison.Then is the world one.A goodly one, in which there are many confines, wards, and
                                dungeons, Denmark being one o' th' worst.We think not so, my lord.Why, then, ’tis none to you, for there is nothing
                                either good or bad, but thinking makes it so. To me it is a prison.Why then, your ambition makes it one. 'Tis too narrow
                                for your mind.O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself
                                a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad
                            dreams.Which dreams indeed are ambition, for the very substance
                                of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream.A dream itself is but a shadow.Truly, and I hold ambition of so airy and light a quality
                                that it is but a shadow’s shadow.Then are our beggars bodies, and our monarchs and
                                outstretched heroes the beggars' shadows. Shall we to
                                th' court? For by my fay, I cannot reason.We’ll wait upon you.#LBSFORGOLDPrison, my lord?Denmark’s a prison.Then I guess the whole world is one.Yes, quite a large one, with many cells and dungeons, Denmark
                                being one of the worst.We don’t think so, my lord.Well, then it isn’t one to you, since nothing is really
                                good or bad in itself—it’s all what a person
                                thinks about it. And to me, Denmark is a prison.That must be because you’re so ambitious.
                                It’s too small for your large mind.Small? No, I could live in a walnut shell and feel like the king
                                of the universe. The real problem is that I have bad dreams.Dreams are a sign of ambition, since ambition is nothing more than
                                the shadow of a dream.But a dream itself is just a shadow.Exactly. In fact, I consider ambition to be so light and airy that
                                it’s only the shadow of a shadow.Then I guess beggars are the ones with bodies, while ambitious
                                kings and heroes are just the shadows of beggars. Should we go
                                inside? I seem to be losing my mind a bit.We’re at your service, whatever you say.