No such matter. I will not sort you with the rest of my
                                servants, for, to speak to you like an honest man, I am most
                                dreadfully attended. But in the beaten way of friendship,
                                what make you at Elsinore?To visit you, my lord, no other occasion.Beggar that I am, I am even poor in thanks; but I thank you,
                                and sure, dear friends, my thanks are too dear a halfpenny.
                                Were you not sent for? Is it your own inclining? Is it a free
                                visitation? Come, come, deal justly with me. Come, come.
                                Nay, speak.What should we say, my lord?Why, any thing, but to th' purpose. You were sent for, and
                                there is a kind of confession in your looks which your
                                modesties have not craft enough to color. I know the good
                                king and queen have sent for you.To what end, my lord?That you must teach me. But let me conjure you, by the
                                rights of our fellowship, by the consonancy of our youth, by
                                the obligation of our ever-preserved love, and by what
                                more dear a better proposer could charge you withal: be
                                even and direct with me whether you were sent for or no.
(to
                                GUILDENSTERN) What say you?
(aside) Nay, then, I have an eye of
                                you—If you love me, hold not off.My lord, we were sent for.#LBSFORGOLDNo, no, I won’t class you with my servants,
                                since—to be frank with you—my servants are
                                terrible. But tell me as my friends, what are you doing here at
                                Elsinore?Visiting you, my lord. There’s no other reason.Well, then, I thank you, though I’m such a beggar that
                                even my thanks are not worth much. Did someone tell you to visit me?
                                Or was it just your whim, on your own initiative? Come on, tell me
                                the truth.What should we say, my lord?Anything you like, as long as it answers my question. You were
                                sent for. You’ve got a guilty look on your faces, which
                                you’re too honest to disguise. I know the king and queen
                                sent for you.Why would they do that, my lord?That’s what I want you to tell me. Let me remind you of
                                our old friendship, our youth spent together, the duties of our love
                                for each other, and whatever else will make you answer me
                            straight.
(to
                                GUILDENSTERN) What do you
                            think?
(to himself) I’ve got my
                                eye on you. (to
                                GUILDENSTERN) If you care about me,
                                you’ll be honest with me.My lord, we were sent for.