I will tell you why. So shall my anticipation prevent your 
                                discovery, and your secrecy to the king and queen moult no
                                feather. I have of late—but wherefore I know
                                not—lost all my mirth, forgone all custom of exercises, and indeed it
                                goes so heavily with my disposition that this goodly frame,
                                the earth, seems to me a sterile promontory; this most
                                excellent canopy, the air—look you, this brave
                                o'erhanging
                                firmament, this majestical roof fretted with golden
                                fire—why, it appears no other thing to me than a foul and
                                pestilent congregation of vapors. What a piece of work is a
                                man! How noble in reason, how infinite in faculty! In form
                                and moving how express and admirable! In action how like
                                an angel, in apprehension how like a god! The beauty of the
                                world. The paragon of animals. And yet, to me, what is this
                                quintessence of dust? Man delights not me. No, nor woman
                                neither, though by your smiling you seem to say so.My lord, there was no such stuff in my thoughts.Why did you laugh then, when I said “man delights not
                                me”?To think, my lord, if you delight not in man, what Lenten 
                                entertainment the players shall receive from you. We coted
                                them on the way, and hither are they coming to offer you
                                service.He that plays the king shall be welcome. His majesty shall
                                have tribute of me. The adventurous knight shall use his
                                foil and target, the lover shall not sigh gratis, the humorous
                                man shall end his part in peace, the clown shall make those
                                laugh whose lungs are tickle o' th' sear,
                                and the lady shall say her mind freely, or the blank verse shall halt for
                                ’t. What
                                players are they?#LBSFORGOLDI’ll tell you why—so you won’t
                                have to tell me and give away any
                                secrets you have with the king and queen. Recently, though I
                                don’t know why, I’ve lost all sense of fun,
                                stopped exercising—the whole world feels sterile and
                                empty. This beautiful canopy we call the sky—this
                                majestic roof decorated with golden sunlight—why,
                                it’s nothing more to me than disease-filled air. What a
                                perfect invention a human is, how noble in his capacity to reason,
                                how unlimited in thinking, how admirable in his shape and movement,
                                how angelic in action, how godlike in understanding!
                                There’s nothing more beautiful. We surpass all other
                                animals. And yet to me, what are we but dust? Men don’t
                                interest me. No—women neither, but you’re
                                smiling, so you must think they do.My lord, I wasn’t thinking anything like that.So why did you laugh when I said that men don’t
                                interest me?I was just thinking that if people don’t interest you,
                                you’ll be pretty bored by the actors on their way here.
                                We crossed paths with a drama company just a while ago, and
                                they’re coming to entertain you.The one who plays the part of the king will be particularly
                                welcome. I’ll treat him like a real king. The adventurous
                                knight will wave around his sword and shield, the lover will be
                                rewarded for his sighs, the crazy character can rant all he wants,
                                the clown will make everybody laugh, and the lady character can say
                                whatever’s on her mind, or I’ll stop the play.
                                Which troupe is it?