Even those you were wont to take delight in, the tragedians
                                of the city.How chances it they travel? Their residence, both in 
                                reputation and profit, was better both ways.I think their inhibition comes by the means of the late
                                innovation.Do they hold the same estimation they did when I was in the
                                city? Are they so followed?No, indeed are they not.How comes it? Do they grow rusty?Nay, their endeavor keeps in the wonted pace. But there is,
                                sir, an eyrie of children, little eyases, that cry out on the top
                                of question and are most tyrannically clapped for ’t.
                                These are now the fashion, and so berattle the common
                                stages—so they call them—that many wearing rapiers are afraid of
                                goose quills and dare scarce come thither.#LBSFORGOLDThe tragic actors from the city, the ones you used to enjoy so
                                much.What are they doing on the road? They made more money and got more
                                attention in the city.But things have changed there, and it’s easier for them
                                on the road now.Are they as popular as they used to be when I lived in the city?
                                Do they attract big audiences?No, not like before.Why? Are they getting rusty?No, they’re busy and as excellent as ever. The problem
                                is that they have to compete with a group of children who yell out
                                their lines and receive outrageous applause for it. These child
                                actors are now in fashion, and they’ve so overtaken the
                                public theaters that society types hardly come at all,
                                they’re so afraid of being mocked by the playwrights who
                                write for the boys.