What, are they children? Who maintains 'em? How are
                                they escoted? Will they pursue the quality no longer than
                                they can sing? Will they not say afterwards, if they should
                                grow themselves to common players (as it is most like if
                                their means are no better), their writers do them wrong to
                                make them exclaim against their own succession?Faith, there has been much to do on both sides, and the
                                nation holds it no sin to tar them to controversy. There was,
                                for a while, no money bid for argument unless the poet and
                                the player went to cuffs in the question.Is ’t possible?Oh, there has been much throwing about of brains.Do the boys carry it away?Ay, that they do, my lord. Hercules and his load too.It is not very strange. For my uncle is King of Denmark, and
                                those that would make mouths at him while my father lived
                                give twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats apiece for his
                                picture in little. 'Sblood, there is something in this
                                more
                                than natural, if philosophy could find it out.There are the players.Gentlemen, you are welcome to Elsinore. Your hands, come then.
                                Th' appurtenance of welcome is fashion and
                                ceremony. Let me comply with you in this garb—lest my
                                extent to the players, which, I tell you, must show fairly
                                outwards, should more appear like entertainment than
                                yours. You are welcome. But my uncle-father and aunt-mother are deceived.#LBSFORGOLDWhat, you mean kid actors? Who takes care of them? Who pays their
                                way? Will they stop working when their voices mature?
                                Aren’t the playwrights hurting them by making them
                                upstage adult actors, which they are going to grow up and become?
                                (Unless, of course, they have trust funds.)There’s been a whole debate on the topic. For a while,
                                no play was sold to the theaters without a big fight between the
                                children’s playwright and the actors playing adult
                            roles.Are you kidding?Oh, there’s been a lot of quarreling.And the boys are winning so far?Yes, they are, my lord—little boys are carrying the
                                whole theater on their backs, like Hercules carried the
                            world.Actually, it’s not so unusual when you think about it.
                                My uncle is king of Denmark, and the same people who made fun of him
                                while my father was still alive are now rushing to pay twenty,
                                forty, fifty, a hundred ducats apiece for miniature portraits of
                                him. There’s something downright unnatural about it, if a
                                philosopher stopped to think about it.The actors are here.Gentlemen, welcome to Elsinore. Don’t be
                                shy—shake hands with me. If I’m going to
                                welcome you I have to go through all these polite customs,
                                don’t I? And if we don’t shake hands, when I
                                act all nice to the players it will seem like I’m happier
                                to see them than you. You are very welcome here. But still, my
                                uncle-father and aunt-mother have got the wrong idea.