In what, my dear lord?I am but mad north-north-west. When the wind is southerly,
I know a hawk from a handsaw.
Well be with you, gentlemen.Hark you, Guildenstern, and you too—at each ear a
                                hearer.
(indicates POLONIUS
                                )That great baby you see there is not
                                yet
out of his swaddling-clouts
Happily he’s the second time come to them, for they say
                                an
old man is twice a child.

(aside to ROSENCRANTZ
                                and GUILDENSTERN
                                ) I will prophesy
he comes to tell me of the players. Mark it.
                                (to
                                POLONIUS)— 
You say right, sir. O' Monday morning, ’twas
                                so indeed.
My lord, I have news to tell you.My lord, I have news to tell you. When Roscius was an actor
in Rome—
The actors are come hither, my lord.Buzz, buzz.Upon my honor—Then came each actor on his ass—#LBSFORGOLDIn what sense, my lord?I’m only crazy sometimes. At other times, I know
                                what’s what.Gentlemen, I hope you are well.Listen, Guildenstern, and you too, Rosencrantz—listen
                                as close as you can!
                                (he gestures
                                toward
                                POLONIUS )This big baby is still in
                                diapers.Yes, the second time around, since, as they say, old people become
                                children again.
(whispering to ROSENCRANTZ
                                and
                                GUILDENSTERN) I bet he’s
                                coming to tell me about the actors; just watch.
                                (to
                                POLONIUS) You’re right,
                                sir, that happened on Monday morning.My lord, I have news for you.My lord, I have news for you. When Roscius was an actor in ancient
                                Rome —The actors have arrived, my lord.Yawn, snore.I swear——each actor arrived on his ass.