The best actors in the world, either for tragedy, comedy,
history, pastoral, pastoral-comical, historical-pastoral,
 tragical-historical, tragical-comical-historical-pastoral,
scene individable, or poem unlimited. Seneca cannot be too
heavy, nor Plautus too light. For the law of writ and the
liberty, these are the only men.
O Jephthah, judge of Israel, what a treasure hadst thou!What a treasure had he, my lord?Why, One fair daughter and no
                                more, The which he lovèd
                                    passing well.
(aside) Still on my
                            daughter.Am I not i' th' right, old Jephthah?If you call me Jephthah, my lord, I have a daughter
that I love passing well.
Nay, that follows not.What follows, then, my lord?Why,#LBSFORGOLDThey are the best actors in the world, either for tragedy, comedy, history, pastoral, pastoral-comical, historical-pastoral, tragical-historical, tragical-comical-historical, one-act plays, or long poemsShakespeare is making fun of the way his contemporaries classified drama.tragedy, comedy,
                                history, pastoral, pastoral-comical, historical-pastoral,
                                tragical-historical, tragical-comical-historical, one-act plays, or
                                long poems. The tragic playwright Seneca is not too heavy for them
                                to handle nor is the comic writer Plautus too light. For formal
                                plays or freer dramas, these are the best actors around.
                                    Oh, JephthahIn the Bible, Jephthah unwittingly sacrifices his daughter by making a vow too hastily. The lines below in italics are lyrics from a popular song about Jephthah. Hamlet sings them.Jephthah, judge of ancient Israel, what a treasure you had!What treasure did he have, my lord?Well, (sings)
 One fine daughter, and no
                                more, Whom he loved more than
                                    anything—.
(to himself) Still talking about my
                                daughter, I see.Aren’t I right, Jephthah, old man?If you’re calling me Jephthah, my lord, I do have a
                                daughter I love more than anything, yes.
No, that’s not logical.Hamlet means that if Polonius has a daughter, it isn’t because Hamlet called him Jephthah.No, that’s not logical.
What is logical, then, my lord?Why,