 As by lot, God wot,
and then, you know,
 It came to pass, as most like
                                    it was—
The first row of the pious chanson will show you more, for
                                look where my abridgement comes.
You are welcome, masters, welcome, all!—I am glad to
                                see
thee well.—Welcome, good friends.—O old
                                friend? Why, 
thy face is valenced since I saw thee last. Comest thou to
beard me in Denmark?—What, my young lady
and mistress! By 'r Lady, your ladyship is nearer to
                                heaven than
when I saw you last, by the altitude of a chopine. Pray God,
your voice, like a piece of uncurrent gold, be not cracked
within the ring.—Masters, you are all welcome.
                                We’ll e'en
to ’t like French falconers, fly at any thing we see.
                                We’ll have
a speech straight. Come, give us a taste of your quality.
Come, a passionate speech.
What speech, my good lord?I heard thee speak me a speech once, but it was never acted.
Or, if it was, not above once, for the play, I remember,
pleased not the million. 'Twas caviary to the general.
                                But it
 was—as I received it, and others, whose judgments in
                                such
 matters cried in the top of mine—an excellent play,
                                well digested in the scenes, set down with as much modesty as
                                cunning. 
#LBSFORGOLD As if by chance, God
                                knows,and then, you know, It happened, as
                                    you’d expect—If you want to know more, you can refer to the popular song,
                                because now I have to stop.Welcome, welcome to all of you.
                                (he turns
                                    to one of the actors)—Oh,
                                you, I’m glad to see you.
                                (turns back to all of
                                them)—Welcome,
                                my good friends.
                                (turns to another actor)—Oh,
                                it’s you! You’ve grown a beard since I saw you
                                last. Are you going to put a beard on me too? (turns to an actor dressed as a woman)Boys played female dramatic roles in Shakespeare’s day.(turns to an actor dressed as a woman)
—Well hello, my young lady friend.
                                You’ve grown as much as the height of a pair of platform
                                shoes at least! I hope your voice hasn’t changed yet.
                                (to the whole
                                company)—All
                                of you are most welcome here. We’ll get right to
                                business. First, a speech. Come on, give us a little speech to whet
                                our appetites. A passionate speech, please.Which speech, my lord?I heard you recite a speech for me once that was never acted out,
                                or if it was, it was performed only once, since the play was not
                                popular—like caviar for a slob who couldn’t
                                appreciate it. But the critics and I found it to be an excellent
                                play, with well-ordered scenes that were clever but not fancy. 