I remember, one said there were no sallets in the
                                lines to make the matter savory, nor no matter in the phrase
                                that might indict the author of affectation, but called it an
                                honest method, as wholesome as sweet, and by very much
                                more handsome than fine. One speech in it I chiefly loved.
                                'Twas Aeneas' tale to Dido and thereabout of
                                it, especially
                                where he speaks of Priam’s slaughter. If it live in
                                your
                                >memory, begin at this line—Let me see, let me
                                see—
The rugged Pyrrhus, like th'
                                    Hyrcanian beast—It is not so. It begins with
                                Pyrrhus—
The rugged Pyrrhus, he whose sable
                                arms,
Black as his purpose, did the night
                                resemble

When he lay couchèd in the
                                    ominous horse,
Hath now this dread and black complexion
                                    smeared

With heraldry more dismal. Head to
                                foot

Now is he total gules, horridly
                                tricked

With blood of fathers, mothers, daughters,
                                    sons,
Baked and impasted with the parching
                                    streets,
That lend a tyrannous and damnèd
                                    light

To their lord’s murder. Roasted
                                    in wrath and fire,
And thus o'ersizèd
                                    with coagulate gore,
With eyes like carbuncles, the hellish
                                    Pyrrhus

Old grandsire Priam seeks.So, proceed you.'Fore God, my lord, well spoken, with good accent and
good discretion.
    Anon he finds him

Striking too short at Greeks. His antique
                                    sword,
Rebellious to his arm, lies where it
                                falls,
Repugnant to command. Unequal
                                matched,
Pyrrhus at Priam drives, in rage strikes
                                    wide,
But with the whiff and wind of his fell
                                sword

The unnerved father falls. Then senseless
                                    Ilium,
Seeming to feel this blow, with flaming
                                top

Stoops to his base, and with a hideous
                                crash

Takes prisoner Pyrrhus' ear.
                                    For, lo, his sword,
Which was declining on the milky head

Of reverend Priam, seemed i'
                                    th' air to stick.
So as a painted tyrant Pyrrhus
                                stood,#LBSFORGOLDI remember one critic said there was no
                                vulgar language to spice up the dialogue, and showing off on
                                playwright’s part. That critic called it an excellent
                                play, containing things to reflect upon as well as sweet music to
                                enjoy. I loved one speech in particular. It was when Aeneas told Dido about Priam’sDido, Priam, and Aeneas are characters in the Roman poet’s epic called The Aeneid, which produced the dramatic spin-off Hamlet is referring to here.Aeneas told Dido about Priam’s murder. If you happen to remember this scene, begin at
                                line—let me see, how does it go? The rugged

PyrrhusPyrrhus, the son of the Greek hero Achilles, came to Troy at the end of the Trojan War to avenge his father’s death by killing Priam, king of Troy. Pyrrhus hid inside the Trojan Horse with the other Greek heroes.Pyrrhus,
strong as a
                                tiger—
No, that’s wrong; it begins like this: Savage Pyrrhus, whose black
                                    armor was
 As dark plans, and was like the
                                    night
 When he crouched inside the
                                    Trojan Horse, Has now smeared his dark
                                armor
 With something worse. From head
                                    to foot
 He’s now covered in
                                    red, decorated horribly
 With the blood of fathers,
                                    mothers, daughters, sons. The blood is baked to a paste
                                    by fires he set in the streets, Fires that lend a terrible
                                    light to his horrible murders. Boiling with anger and
                                fire, And coated thick with
                                    hard-baked blood, His eyes glowing like rubies,
                                    the hellish Pyrrhus
 Goes looking for grandfather
                                    Priam.Sir, take it from there.My God, that was well done, my lord, with the right accent and a
                                good ear.      Soon he finds Priam

Failing in his battle against the Greeks.
                                    His old sword,
Which Priam cannot wield anymore, lies
                                    where it fell.
An unfair opponent,
Pyrrhus rushes at Priam, and in his rage he
                                    misses;
