That’s good. “Moblèd
                                queen” is good.
Run barefoot up and down, threatening the
                                    flames

With bisson rheum, a clout upon that
                                head

Where late the diadem stood, and for a
                                robe,
About her lank and all
                                o'erteemèd loins,
A blanket, in the alarm of fear caught
                                up—
Who this had seen, with tongue in venom
                                steeped,
'Gainst fortune’s
                                state would treason have pronounced.
But if the gods themselves did see her
                                    then

When she saw Pyrrhus make malicious
                                    sport

In mincing with his sword her
                                husband’s limbs,
The instant burst of clamor that she
                                made,
(Unless things mortal move them not at
                                    all)

Would have made milch the burning eyes of
                                heaven,
And passion in the gods.Look whe'e he has not turned his color and has
tears in ’s eyes.—Prithee, no more.

(to FIRST
                                PLAYER) 'Tis well.
                                I’ll have thee speak out the rest
soon. (to
                                POLONIUS) Good my lord, will you see
                                the players
well bestowed? Do you hear, let them be well used, for they
are the abstract and brief chronicles of the time. After your
death you were better have a bad epitaph than their ill
report while you live.
My lord, I will use them according to their desert.God’s bodykins, man, much better. Use every man after
                                his
desert, and who should ’scape whipping? Use them after
your own honor and dignity. The less they deserve, the
more merit is in your bounty. Take them in.
#LBSFORGOLDThat’s good. “The muffled queen”
                                is good.
Running back and forth, spraying the flames
                                    with her tears, a cloth on that head where a crown had recently
                                    sat and a blanket instead of a robe wrapped around her body,
                                    which has withered from childbearing: anyone seeing her in such
                                    a state, no matter how spiteful he was, would have cursed Lady
                                    Luck for bringing her down like that. If the gods had seen her
                                    while she watched Pyrrhus chopping her husband into bits, the
                                    terrible cry she uttered would have made all the eyes in heaven
                                    burn with hot tears—unless the gods don’t
                                    care at all about human affairs.Look how flushed the actor is, with tears in his eyes. All right,
                                that’s enough, please.
(to FIRST
                                PLAYER) Very fine. I’ll
                                have you perform the rest of it soon.
                                (to
                                POLONIUS)—My lord, will
                                you make sure the actors are made comfortable? Make sure
                                you’re good to them, since what they say about us later
                                will go down in history. It’d be better to have a bad
                                epitaph on our graves than to have their ill will while
                                we’re alive.My lord, I will give them all they deserve.Good heavens, man, give them more than that! If you pay everyone
                                what they deserve, would anyone ever escape a whipping? Treat them
                                with honor and dignity.The less they deserve, the more your generosity is worth. Lead
                                them inside.