Come, sirs.Follow him, friends. We’ll hear a play tomorrow.
                                (to FIRST
 PLAYER)— Dost thou hear
                                me, old friend? Can you play The
Murder of Gonzago?
Ay, my lord.We’ll ha ’t tomorrow night. You could, for a
                                need, study a
speech of some dozen or sixteen lines which I would set
down and insert in ’t, could you not?
Ay, my lord.Very well. Follow that lord, and look you mock him not.My good friends, I’ll leave you till night. You are
                                welcome
to Elsinore.
Good my lord.Ay, so. Good-bye to you.    Now I am alone.Oh, what a rogue and peasant slave am I!Is it not monstrous that this player here,But in a fiction, in a dream of passion,Could force his soul so to his own conceitThat from her working all his visage wanned,Tears in his eyes, distraction in his aspect,A broken voice, and his whole function suitingWith forms to his conceit? And all for nothing—For Hecuba!What’s Hecuba to him or he to HecubaThat he should weep for her? What would he doHad he the motive and the cue for passionThat I have? He would drown the stage with tearsAnd cleave the general ear with horrid speech,Make mad the guilty and appall the free,#LBSFORGOLDCome, everyone.Follow him, friends. We’ll watch a whole play tomorrow.
                                (to FIRST
                                PLAYER) My friend, can you perform
                                The Murder of Gonzago?Yes, my lord.Then we’ll see that tomorrow night. By the way, if I
                                were to compose an extra speech of twelve to sixteen lines and stick
                                it into the play, you could learn it by heart for tomorrow,
                            right?Yes, my lord.Very well. Follow that gentleman now, and be careful not to make
                                fun of him.My good friends, I’ll see you tomorrow. Welcome to
                                Elsinore.Yes, my lord.Ah yes, good-bye to you both.Now I’m alone. Oh, what a mean low-life I am!
                                It’s awful that this actor could force his soul to feel
                                made-up feelings in a work of make-believe. He grew pale, shed real
                                tears, became overwhelmed, his voice breaking with feeling and his
                                whole being, even, meeting the needs of his act—and all
                                for nothing. For Hecuba!