For who would bear the whips and scorns of time,Th' oppressor’s wrong, the proud
                                man’s contumely,The pangs of despised love, the law’s delay,The insolence of office, and the spurnsThat patient merit of th' unworthy takes,When he himself might his quietus makeWith a bare bodkin? Who would fardels bear,To grunt and sweat under a weary life,But that the dread of something after death,The undiscovered country from whose bournNo traveler returns, puzzles the willAnd makes us rather bear those ills we haveThan fly to others that we know not of?Thus conscience does make cowards of us all,And thus the native hue of resolutionIs sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought,And enterprises of great pith and momentWith this regard their currents turn awry,And lose the name of action.—Soft you now,The fair Ophelia!—Nymph, in thy orisonsBe all my sins remembered.Good my lord,How does your honor for this many a day?I humbly thank you. Well, well, well.My lord, I have remembrances of yoursThat I have longèd long to redeliver.I pray you now receive them.No, not I. I never gave you aught.My honored lord, you know right well you did,And with them, words of so sweet breath composedAs made the things more rich. Their perfume lost,#LBSFORGOLDAfter all, who would put up with all life’s
                                humiliations—the abuse from superiors, the insults of
                                arrogant men, the pangs of unrequited love, the inefficiency of the
                                legal system, the rudeness of people in office, and the mistreatment
                                good people have to take from bad—when you could simply
                                take out your knife and call it quits? Who would choose to grunt and
                                sweat through an exhausting life, unless they were afraid of
                                something dreadful after death, the undiscovered country from which
                                no visitor returns, which we wonder about without getting any
                                answers from and which makes us stick to the evils we know rather
                                than rush off to seek the ones we don’t? Fear of death
                                makes us all cowards, and our natural boldness becomes weak with too
                                much thinking. Actions that should be carried out at once get
                                misdirected, and stop being actions at all. But
                                shh, here comes the beautiful
                                Ophelia. Pretty lady, please remember me when you pray.Hello, my lord, how have you been doing lately?Very well, thank you. Well, well, well.My lord, I have some mementos of yours that I’ve been
                                meaning to give back to you for a long time now. Please take
                            them.No, it wasn’t me. I never gave you anything.My lord, you know very well that you did, and wrote letters to go
                                along with them, letters so sweetly written that they made your
                                gifts even more valuable. Their perfume is gone now, so take them
                                back. Nice gifts lose