Take these again, for to the noble mindRich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind.There, my lord.Ha, ha, are you honest?My lord?Are you fair?What means your lordship?That if you be honest and fair, your honesty should admit
no discourse to your beauty.
Could beauty, my lord, have better commerce than with
honesty?
Ay, truly, for the power of beauty will sooner transform
honesty from what it is to a bawd than the force of honesty
can translate beauty into his likeness. This was sometime a
paradox, but now the time gives it proof. I did love you
once.
Indeed, my lord, you made me believe so.You should not have believed me, for virtue cannot so
inoculate our old stock but we shall relish of it. I loved you
not.
I was the more deceived.Get thee to a nunnery. Why wouldst thou be a breeder of
sinners? I am myself indifferent honest, but yet I could
accuse me of such things that it were better my mother had
not borne me. 
#LBSFORGOLDtheir value when the givers turn out not to be so nice. There, my
                                lord.Ha ha, are you good?Excuse me?Are you beautiful?My lord, what are you talking about?I’m just saying that if you’re good and
                                beautiful, your goodness should have nothing to do with your
                            beauty.But could beauty be related to anything better than
                            goodness?Sure, since beauty’s power can more easily change a
                                good girl into a whore than the power of goodness can change a
                                beautiful girl into a virgin. This used to be a great puzzle, but
                                now I’ve solved it. I used to love you.You certainly made me believe you did, my lord.You shouldn’t have believed me, since we’re
                                all rotten at the core, no matter how hard we try to be virtuous. I
                                didn’t love you.Then I guess I was misled.Get yourself to a convent“Nunnery” could mean either convent or brothel.convent at once. Why would you want to give birth to more sinners?
                                I’m fairly good myself, but even so I could accuse myself
                                of such horrible crimes that it would’ve been better if
                                my mother had never given birth to me. 
                            and