Oh, what a noble mind is here o'erthrown!—The courtier’s, soldier’s,
                                scholar’s, eye, tongue, sword,Th' expectancy and rose of the fair state,The glass of fashion and the mould of form,Th' observed of all observers, quite, quite down!And I, of ladies most deject and wretched,That sucked the honey of his music vows,Now see that noble and most sovereign reasonLike sweet bells jangled, out of tune and harsh;That unmatched form and feature of blown youthBlasted with ecstasy. Oh, woe is me,T' have seen what I have seen, see what I see!Love? His affections do not that way tend.Nor what he spake, though it lacked form a little,Was not like madness. There’s something in his soulO'er which his melancholy sits on brood,And I do doubt the hatch and the discloseWill be some danger—which for to prevent,I have in quick determinationThus set it down: he shall with speed to EnglandFor the demand of our neglected tribute.Haply the seas and countries differentWith variable objects shall expelThis something-settled matter in his heart,Whereon his brains still beating puts him thusFrom fashion of himself. What think you on ’t?It shall do well. But yet do I believeThe origin and commencement of his griefSprung from neglected love.—How now, Ophelia?You need not tell us what Lord Hamlet said.#LBSFORGOLDOh, how noble his mind used to be, and how lost he is now! He used
                                to have a gentleman’s grace, a scholar’s wit,
                                and a soldier’s strength. He used to be the jewel of our
                                country, the obvious heir to the throne, the one everyone admired
                                and imitated. And now he has fallen so low! And of all the miserable
                                women who once enjoyed hearing his sweet, seductive words, I am the
                                most miserable. A mind that used to sing so sweetly is now
                                completely out of tune, making harsh sounds instead of fine notes.
                                The unparalleled appearance and nobility he had in the full bloom of
                                his youth has been ruined by madness. O, how miserable I am to see
                                Hamlet now and know what he was before!Love? His feelings don’t move in that direction. And
                                his words, although they were a little disorganized,
                                weren’t crazy. No, his sadness is hatching something,
                                like a hen does sitting on an egg. What hatches very well may be
                                dangerous. So to prevent any harm being done, I’ve made a
                                quick executive decision: he’ll be sent to England to try
                                to get back the money they owe us. With any luck, the sea and new
                                countries will push out these thoughts that have somehow taken root
                                in his mind. What do you think of this plan?It should work. But I still believe that his madness was caused by
                                unrequited love.—Hello, Ophelia. You don’t
                                have to tell us what Lord Hamlet said.