And then it started like a guilty thingUpon a fearful summons. I have heardThe cock, that is the trumpet to the morn,Doth with his lofty and shrill-sounding throatAwake the god of day, and, at his warning,Whether in sea or fire, in earth or air,Th' extravagant and erring spirit hiesTo his confine, and of the truth hereinThis present object made probation.It faded on the crowing of the cock.Some say that ever 'gainst that season comesWherein our Saviour’s birth is celebrated,The bird of dawning singeth all night long.And then, they say, no spirit dare stir abroad.The nights are wholesome. Then no planets strike,No fairy takes, nor witch hath power to charm,So hallowed and so gracious is that time.So have I heard and do in part believe it.But look, the morn, in russet mantle clad,Walks o'er the dew of yon high eastward hill.Break we our watch up, and by my advice,Let us impart what we have seen tonightUnto young Hamlet, for, upon my life,This spirit, dumb to us, will speak to him.Do you consent we shall acquaint him with it,As needful in our loves, fitting our duty?Let’s do ’t, I pray, and I this morning knowWhere we shall find him most conveniently.#LBSFORGOLDAnd then it acted startled, like a guilty person caught by the
                                law. I’ve heard that the rooster awakens the god of day
                                with its trumpetlike crowing, and makes all wandering ghosts,
                                wherever they are, hurry back to their hiding places.
                                We’ve just seen proof of that.Yes, it faded away when the rooster crowed. Some people say that
                                just before Christmas the rooster crows all night long, so that no
                                ghost dares go wandering, and the night is safe. The planets have no
                                sway over us, fairies' spells don’t work, and
                                witches can’t bewitch us. That’s how holy that
                                night is.Yes, I’ve heard the same thing and sort of believe it.
                                But look, morning is breaking beyond that hill in the east, turning
                                the sky red. Let’s interrupt our watch and go tell young
                                Hamlet what we’ve seen tonight. I’m sure this
                                ghost that’s so silent with us will speak to him.
                                Don’t you agree that we owe it to him to tell him about
                                this, out of duty and love?Let’s do it. I know where we’ll find him
                                this morning.