O God, your only jig-maker. What should a man do
but be merry? For, look you, how cheerfully my
mother looks, and my father died within these two hours.
Nay, ’tis twice two months, my lord.So long? Nay then, let the devil wear black, for I’ll
                                have a
suit of sables. O heavens! Die two months ago and not
 forgotten yet? Then there’s hope a great
                                man’s memory may
outlive his life half a year. But, by 'r Lady, he must
                                build
churches then, or else shall he suffer not thinking on, with
the hobby-horse, whose epitaph is “For, oh, for, oh,
                                the 
hobby-horse is forgot.”

Trumpets sound. The dumb show begins

Enter a King and a Queen very lovingly, the
                                    Queen embracing him and he her. She kneels and makes show of
                                    protestation unto him. He takes her up and declines his head
                                    upon her neck, lays him down upon a bank of flowers. She, seeing
                                    him asleep, leaves him. Anon comes in a fellow, takes off his
                                    crown, kisses it, pours poison in the King’s ears,
                                    and exits. The Queen returns, finds the King dead, and makes
                                    passionate action. The Poisoner, with some two or three Mutes,
                                    comes in again, seeming to lament with her. The dead body is
                                    carried away. The Poisoner woos the Queen with gifts. She seems
                                    loath and unwilling awhile, but in the end accepts his
                                love
What means this, my lord?Marry, this is miching malhecho. It
                                means mischief.#LBSFORGOLDOh God—who is, by the way, the best comic of them all.
                                What can you do but be happy? Look how cheerful my mother is, only
                                two hours after my father died.No, my lord, it’s been four months.As long as that? Well, in that case these mourning clothes can go
                                to hell. I’ll get myself a fur-trimmed suit. Good
                                heavens, he died two months ago and hasn’t been forgotten
                                yet? In that case, there’s reason to hope a
                                man’s memory may outlive him by six months. But
                                he’s got to build churches for that to happen, my lady,
                                or else he’ll have to put up with being forgotten, like
                                the hobby-horse in the popular song that goes, “Heigh-ho,
                                heigh-ho, the hobby-horse is forgotten.”
Trumpets play. The pantomime show begins. A
                                    king and queen enter and embrace lovingly. She kneels before him
                                    and resists his passion. He lifts her up and lays his head on
                                    her neck. He lies down on a bank of flowers. When she sees him
                                    sleeping, she leaves. Another man comes in, takes the crown from
                                    the king, pours poison in the sleeping man’s ear, and
                                    leaves. The queen returns and finds the king dead. She becomes
                                    hysterical. The killer comes back with three others and calms
                                    the queen. The body is carried away. The killer woos the queen
                                    with gifts. She is cold toward him for a while but then relents
                                    and accepts his advances.
What does this mean, my lord?This means we’re having some mischievous fun.