
Nor earth to me give food, nor heaven
                                light.
Sport and repose lock from me day and
                                night.
To desperation turn my trust and
                                hope.
An anchor’s cheer in prison be
                                    my scope.
Each opposite that blanks the face of
                                joy

Meet what I would have well and it
                                destroy.
Both here and hence pursue me lasting
                                strife

If, once a widow, ever I be
                            wife!If she should break it now!
'Tis deeply sworn. Sweet, leave
                                    me here awhile.
My spirits grow dull, and fain I would
                                    beguile

The tedious day with sleep.    Sleep rock thy brain,
And never come mischance between us
                                twain.Madam, how like you this play?The lady protests too much, methinks.Oh, but she’ll keep her word.Have you heard the argument? Is there no offense in
                            ’t?No, no, they do but jest. Poison in jest. No offense i'
                                th' world.What do you call the play?#LBSFORGOLD
May the earth refuse me food and the
                                    heavens go dark, may I have no rest day and night, may my trust
                                    and hope turn to despair—may the gloom of a prison
                                    overtake me, and may my every joy be turned to sorrow.
May I know no peace either in this life or
                                    the next one, if I become a wife again after I am a
                                widow.Nice vow, but what if she breaks it?
You have made this vow with deep sincerity.
                                    My dear, leave me alone now awhile. My mind is getting foggy,
                                    and I would like to sleep and escape this endless
                            day.
Sleep tight, and may nothing come between
                                    us.Madam, how are you liking this play?The lady’s overdoing it, I think.Oh, but she’ll keep her word.Do you know the plot? Is there anything offensive in it?No, no, it’s just a joke, a little jibe but all in good
                                fun. Not offensive at all.What’s the play called?