
The Mousetrap. Marry, how?
                                Tropically. This play is the
image of a murder done in Vienna. Gonzago is the duke’s
name, his wife Baptista. You shall see anon. 'Tis a
                                knavish
piece of work, but what o' that? Your majesty and we
                                that
have free souls, it touches us not. Let the galled jade wince,
our withers are unwrung.
This is one Lucianus, nephew to the king.You are as good as a chorus, my lord.I could interpret between you and your love, if I could see
the puppets dallying.
You are keen, my lord, you are keen.It would cost you a groaning to take off mine edge.Still better and worse.So you must take your husbands.—Begin, murderer. Pox,
leave thy damnable faces, and begin. Come, “The
                                croaking
raven doth bellow for revenge—”

Thoughts black, hands apt, drugs fit, and
                                    time agreeing,
Confederate season, else no creature
                                seeing,
Thou mixture rank, of midnight weeds
                                    collected,
With Hecate’s ban thrice
                                    blasted, thrice infected,
Thy natural magic and dire property

On wholesome life usurp
                                immediately.
(pours poison into PLAYER KING
                                ’s ears)
#LBSFORGOLD
The Mousetrap. Why on earth is it
                                called that, you ask? It’s a metaphor. This play is about
                                a murder committed in Vienna. Gonzago is the duke’s name,
                                and his wife is Baptista. You’ll see soon enough.
                                It’s a piece of garbage, but who cares? You and I have
                                free souls, so it doesn’t concern us. Let the guilty
                                wince. We can watch without being bothered.This is Lucianus, the king’s nephew in the play.You’re an expert commentator, aren’t
                            you?Yes. I could even supply the dialogue between you and your lover
                                if you did your little puppet show of love for me.Ooh, you’re sharp.Yes, pointy, but you could take the edge off me— though
                                it might make you moan a little.You get better in your jokes and worse in your manners.That’s what you women get when you trick us into
                                marriage.—Let’s get started, murderer on
                                stage, please! Damn it, stop fussing with the makeup, and get going.
                                We’re all waiting for the revenge!
Evil thoughts, ready hands, the right
                                    poison, and the time is right too. The dark night is on my side,
                                    for no one can see me. You deadly mixture of weeds and plants,
                                    which Hecate, goddess of witchcraft, has put a spell on, use
                                    your magic to steal this healthy person’s life away.
                                    (pours the poison into the
                                PLAYER KING
                            ’s ears)
