He poisons him i' th' garden for
                                ’s estate. His name’s
Gonzago. The story is extant, and writ in choice Italian. You
shall see anon how the murderer gets the love of
                                Gonzago’s
wife.
The king rises.What, frighted with false fire?How fares my lord?Give o'er the play.Give me some light, away!Lights, lights, lights!  Why, let the
                                    stricken deer go weep,  The hart
                                    ungallèd play.  For some must watch
                                    while some must sleep.  So runs the world
                                    away.Would not this, sir, and a forest of feathers—if the
                                rest of my fortunes turn Turk with me—with two Provincial
                                roses on my razed shoes, get me a fellowship in a cry of
                            players?Half a share.A whole one, I.  For thou dost know,
                                    O Damon dear,  This realm
                                    dismantled was
  Of Jove himself.
                                    And now reigns here
  A very,
                                    very—pajock.#LBSFORGOLDYou see, he poisons the king in his own garden to get the kingdom
                                for himself. The king’s name is Gonzago. The original
                                story was written in the finest Italian. You’ll see
                                shortly how the murderer wins the love of Gonzago’s
                            wife.The king is getting up.What—is he scared of a gun that only fired a
                            blank?My lord, how are you feeling?Stop the play.Turn on the lights. Get me out of here!Lights, lights, get us some lights! Let the deer that’s
                                    been shot go off and weep, While the unharmed deer happily
                                    plays. For some must watch while other
                                    must sleep, That’s how the world
                                    goes.Couldn’t I get work as an actor (if I hit a run of bad
                                luck) in some acting company, and wear flowers on my shoes?They might even give you half a share of the company.No, a whole share for me. For you know, my dearest
                                Damon, That Jove, king of the gods,
                                    was
 Thrown out of power here,
                                and
 Who’s in charge? A
                                    big—peacock.