O wonderful son that can so ’stonish a mother! But is
                                there
no sequel at the heels of this mother’s admiration?
                                Impart.
She desires to speak with you in her closet ere you go to
                            bed.We shall obey, were she ten times our mother. Have you any
further trade with us?
My lord, you once did love me.And do still, by these pickers and stealers.Good my lord, what is your cause of distemper? You do
surely bar the door upon your own liberty if you deny your
griefs to your friend.
Sir, I lack advancement.How can that be, when you have the voice of the king
himself for your succession in Denmark?
Ay, sir, but “While the grass
                                grows—” The proverb
is something musty—Oh, the recorders! Let me see one.

                                (takes a recorder)
(aside to ROSENCRANTZ
                                and GUILDENSTERN
                                )
To withdraw with you, why do you go about to recover the
wind of me as if you would drive me into a toil?
O my lord, if my duty be too bold, my love is too  unmannerly.#LBSFORGOLDOh, what a wonderful son, I can impress my mother! But
                                what’s the upshot of her admiration? Do tell.She wants to have a word with you in her bedroom before you go to
                                bed.I’d obey even if she were my mother ten times over. Is
                                there anything else I can do for you?My lord, you used to like me.And still do, I swear by my hands.My lord, what’s wrong with you? You’re not
                                doing yourself any good by refusing to tell your friends
                                what’s bothering you.Sir, I have no future ahead of me.But how can you say that, when the king himself says
                                you’re the heir to the Danish throne?Yes, eventually, but as the proverb goes, “While the grass grows …”The rest of the proverb goes, “…the horse starves.”“While the grass grows …” But that’s a tired old proverb. Oh, the
                                recorders! Let me see
                                one.(he takes a
                                    recorder and turns to
                                GUILDENSTERN ) Why are you hovering
                                so close, as if you want to ambush me?Oh, my lord, I’m sorry if I’m forgetting my
                                manners. It’s just that I’m worried about
                            you.