We will haste us.My lord, he’s going to his mother’s closet.Behind the arras I’ll convey myselfTo hear the process. I’ll warrant she’ll tax
                                him home.And, as you said (and wisely was it said)'Tis meet that some more audience than a
                                mother—Since nature makes them partial—should
                                o'erhearThe speech, of vantage. Fare you well, my liege.I’ll call upon you ere you go to bedAnd tell you what I know.    Thanks, dear my
                                lord.Oh, my offence is rank. It smells to heaven.It hath the primal eldest curse upon ’t,A brother’s murder. Pray can I not.Though inclination be as sharp as will,My stronger guilt defeats my strong intent,And, like a man to double business bound,I stand in pause where I shall first begin,And both neglect. What if this cursèd handWere thicker than itself with brother’s blood?Is there not rain enough in the sweet heavensTo wash it white as snow? Whereto serves mercyBut to confront the visage of offence?And what’s in prayer but this twofold force,To be forestallèd ere we come to fallOr pardoned being down? Then I’ll look up.My fault is past. But oh, what form of prayerCan serve my turn, “Forgive me my foul
                                murder”?#LBSFORGOLDWe’ll hurry.My lord, Hamlet’s going to his mother’s
                                room. I’ll hide behind the tapestry to hear what they
                                say. I bet she’ll chew him out. And as you said (and you
                                said it wisely), it’s good to have someone other than a
                                mother listening in on them, since she can be too partial to him.
                                Goodbye, my lord. I’ll stop by before you go to bed, and
                                tell you what I’ve heard.Thanks, my dear lord.Oh, my crime is so rotten it stinks all the way to heaven. It has
                                the mark of CainIn the Bible, Cain was the first murderer, killing his brother in Genesis 4:10-12.Cain on it, a brother’s murder. I can’t
                                pray, though I want to desperately. My guilt is stronger even than
                                my intentions. And like a person with two opposite things to do at
                                once, I stand paralyzed and neglect them both. So what if this
                                cursed hand of mine is coated with my brother’s blood?
                                Isn’t there enough rain in heaven to wash it clean as
                                snow? Isn’t that what God’s mercy is for? And
                                doesn’t prayer serve these two purposes—to
                                keep us from sinning and to bring us forgiveness when we have
                                sinned? So I’ll pray. I’ve already committed
                                my sin. But, oh, what kind of prayer is there for me?
                                “Dear Lord, forgive me for my horrible
                                murder”?