  O, speak to me no more!These words like daggers enter in my ears.No more, sweet Hamlet.    A murderer and a
                                villain,A slave that is not twentieth part the titheOf your precedent lord, a vice of kings,A cutpurse of the empire and the rule,That from a shelf the precious diadem stole,And put it in his pocket—No more!A king of shreds and patches—Save me and hover o'er me with your wings,You heavenly guards!—What would your gracious
                            figure?Alas, he’s mad!Do you not come your tardy son to chide,That, lapsed in time and passion, lets go byThe important acting of your dread command?O, say! Do not forget. This visitationIs but to whet thy almost blunted purpose.But look, amazement on thy mother sits.O, step between her and her fighting soul.Conceit in weakest bodies strongest works.Speak to her, Hamlet.#LBSFORGOLDOh, you must stop! Your words are like daggers. Please, no more,
                                sweet Hamlet.A murderer and a villain, a low-life who’s not worth a
                                twentieth of a tenth of your first husband—the worst of
                                kings, a thief of the throne, who took the precious crown from a
                                shelf and put it in his pocket—Stop!A ragtag king—Oh, angels in heaven, protect me with your wings!—What
                                can I do for you, my gracious lord?Oh no! Hamlet’s gone completely crazy.Have you come to scold your tardy son for straying from his
                                mission, letting your important command slip by? Tell me!Don’t forget. I’ve come to sharpen your
                                somewhat dull appetite for revenge. But look, your mother is in
                                shock. Oh, keep her struggling soul from being overwhelmed by horrid
                                visions. The imagination works strongest in those with the weakest
                                bodies. Talk to her, Hamlet.