How is it with you, lady?    Alas, how is
                                ’t with you,That you do bend your eye on vacancyAnd with th' incorporal air do hold discourse?Forth at your eyes your spirits wildly peep,And, as the sleeping soldiers in th' alarm,Your bedded hair, like life in excrements,Starts up and stands on end. O gentle son,Upon the heat and flame of thy distemperSprinkle cool patience. Whereon do you look?On him, on him! Look you, how pale he glares!His form and cause conjoined, preaching to stones,Would make them capable.
(to
                                GHOST) Do not look upon me,Lest with this piteous action you convertMy stern effects. Then what I have to doWill want true color—tears perchance for blood.To whom do you speak this?    Do you see nothing
                                there?Nothing at all, yet all that is I see.Nor did you nothing hear?    No, nothing but
                                ourselves.Why, look you there! Look how it steals away—My father, in his habit as he lived—Look where he goes, even now, out at the portal!#LBSFORGOLDHow are you doing, madam?And how are you doing, staring into
                                the empty air and talking to nobody? Your eyes give away your wild
                                thoughts, and your hair is standing upright, like soldiers during a
                                call to arms. Oh my dear son, calm yourself and cool off your
                                overheated mind! What are you staring at?At him, at him! Look how pale he is and how he glares at me.
                                Preaching even at stones, he could get them to act.
                                (to the
                                GHOST) Don’t look at me
                                like that, unless you want me to cry instead of kill.Who are you talking to?You don’t see anything?Nothing at all, but I can see everything that’s
                            here.And you don’t hear anything?No, nothing but us talking.Look, look how it’s sneaking away! My father, dressed
                                just like he was when he was alive!Look, he’s going out the door right now!