This the very coinage of your brain.This bodiless creation ecstasyIs very cunning in.  Ecstasy?My pulse as yours doth temperately keep timeAnd makes as healthful music. It is not madnessThat I have uttered. Bring me to the test,And I the matter will reword, which madnessWould gambol from. Mother, for love of grace,Lay not that flattering unction to your soulThat not your trespass but my madness speaks.It will but skin and film the ulcerous placeWhilst rank corruption, mining all within,Infects unseen. Confess yourself to heaven.Repent what’s past. Avoid what is to come.And do not spread the compost on the weedsTo make them ranker. Forgive me this my virtue,For in the fatness of these pursy timesVirtue itself of vice must pardon beg,Yea, curb and woo for leave to do him good.O Hamlet, thou hast cleft my heart in twain.Oh, throw away the worser part of it,And live the purer with the other half.Good night—but go not to mine uncle’s bed.Assume a virtue if you have it not.That monster, custom, who all sense doth eat,Of habits devil, is angel yet in this:That to the use of actions fair and goodHe likewise gives a frock or liveryThat aptly is put on. Refrain tonight,And that shall lend a kind of easinessTo the next abstinence, the next more easy.#LBSFORGOLDThis is only a figment of your imagination. Madness is good at
                                creating hallucinations.Madness? My heart beats just as evenly as yours does.
                                There’s nothing crazy in what I’ve just
                                uttered. Put me to the test. I’ll rephrase everything
                                I’ve just said, which a lunatic couldn’t do.
                                Mother, for the love of God, don’t flatter yourself into
                                believing that it’s my madness, not your crime,
                                that’s the problem. You’d just be concealing
                                the rot that’s eating you from the inside. Confess your
                                sins to heaven. Repent and avoid damnation. Don’t spread
                                manure over the weeds in your heart; it’ll only make them
                                more filthy. Forgive me my good intentions here since in these fat
                                and spoiled times, virtuous people have to say, “Beg your
                                pardon” to vile ones and beg for the chance to do any
                                good.Oh Hamlet, you’ve broken my heart in two!Then throw away the worse half, and live a purer life with the
                                other! Good night to you. But don’t go to my
                                uncle’s bed tonight. At least pretend to be virtuous,
                                even if you’re not. Habit is a terrible thing, in that
                                it’s easy to get used to doing evil without feeling bad
                                about it. But it’s also a good thing, in that being good
                                can also become a habit.Say no to sex tonight, and that will make it easier to say no the
                                next time, and still easier the time after that. Habit can change
                                even one’s natural instincts, and either rein in the
                                devil in us, or kick him out. Once again, good night to you, and
                                when you want to repent, I’ll ask you for your blessing
                                too. I’m sorry about what happened to this gentleman
                                (pointing to
                                POLONIUS), but