For use almost can change the stamp of nature,And either rein the devil or throw him outWith wondrous potency. Once more, good night,And when you are desirous to be blessed,I’ll blessing beg of you.
                                (points to
                                POLONIUS)
For this same lord,I do repent. But heaven hath pleased it so,To punish me with this and this with me,That I must be their scourge and minister.I will bestow him and will answer wellThe death I gave him. So, again, good night.I must be cruel only to be kind.Thus bad begins and worse remains behind.One word more, good lady—What shall I do?Not this, by no means, that I bid you do—Let the bloat king tempt you again to bed,Pinch wanton on your cheek, call you his mouse,And let him, for a pair of reechy kissesOr paddling in your neck with his damned fingers,Make you to ravel all this matter out:That I essentially am not in madnessBut mad in craft. 'Twere good you let him know,For who that’s but a queen, fair, sober, wise,Would from a paddock, from a bat, a gib,Such dear concernings hide? Who would do so?No, in despite of sense and secrecy,Unpeg the basket on the house’s top.Let the birds fly, and like the famous ape,To try conclusions, in the basket creepAnd break your own neck down.Be thou assured, if words be made of breathAnd breath of life, I have no life to breatheWhat thou hast said to me.#LBSFORGOLDGod wanted to punish me with this murder, and this man with me, so
                                I’m both Heaven’s executioner and its minister
                                of justice. This is bad, but it’ll get worse soon. Oh,
                                and one other thing, madam.What should I do?Whatever you do, don’t do this: let the fat king seduce
                                you into his bed again, so he can pinch your cheek, call you his
                                bunny, and with filthy kisses and a massage of your neck with his
                                damned fingers, make you admit that my madness is fake, all
                                calculated. What a great idea that would be, because why would a
                                fair, sober, wise queen hide such things from a toad, a pig, a
                                monster like him? Who would do that? No, no, it’s
                                much, much better to spill the beans
                                right away, let the cat out of the bag, and break your neck in the
                                process.You can rest easy, since words are made of breath, and breathing
                                requires that you be alive. I feel too dead to breathe a word of
                                what you’ve told me.