I must to England, you know that?Alack,I had forgot. 'Tis so concluded on.There’s letters sealed, and my two schoolfellows,Whom I will trust as I will adders fanged,They bear the mandate. They must sweep my wayAnd marshal me to knavery. Let it work,For ’tis the sport to have the engineerHoist with his own petard. And ’t shall go hard,But I will delve one yard below their mines,And blow them at the moon. Oh, ’tis most sweetWhen in one line two crafts directly meet.
(indicates POLONIUS
                                )
This man shall set me packing.I’ll lug the guts into the neighbor room.Mother, good night. Indeed this counselorIs now most still, most secret, and most graveWho was in life a foolish prating knave.—Come, sir, to draw toward an end with you.—Good night, mother.#LBSFORGOLDI have to go to England, don’t you know that?Ah, I’d forgotten all about that! It’s been
                                decided.Yes, it’s a done deal, the documents are ready, and my
                                two schoolmates, whom I trust about as much as rattlesnakes, are in
                                charge. They’re the ones who’ll lead me on my
                                march to mischief. Let it happen. It’s fun to watch the
                                engineer get blown up by his own explosives, and with any luck
                                I’ll dig a few feet below their bombs and blow them to
                                the moon. Oh, it’s nice to kill two birds with one stone.
                                (points to
                                POLONIUS) Now that I’ve
                                killed this guy, I’ll be off in a hurry. I’ll
                                lug his guts into the next room. Mother, have a good night. This
                                politician who was in life a babbling idiot is now quiet and
                                serious. Come on, sir, let’s get to the end of our
                                business. Good night, mother.