
(to
                                GERTRUDE) There’s matter
                                in these sighs, these profound heaves.You must translate. 'Tis fit we understand them.Where is your son?
(to ROSENCRANTZ
                                and
                                GUILDENSTERN)
Bestow this place on us a little while.Ah, my good lord, what have I seen tonight!What, Gertrude? How does Hamlet?Mad as the sea and wind when both contendWhich is the mightier. In his lawless fit,Behind the arras hearing something stir,Whips out his rapier, cries, “A rat, a rat!”And in this brainish apprehension killsThe unseen good old man.    O heavy deed!It had been so with us, had we been there.His liberty is full of threats to all—To you yourself, to us, to everyone.Alas, how shall this bloody deed be answered?It will be laid to us, whose providenceShould have kept short, restrained and out of haunt,This mad young man. But so much was our love,We would not understand what was most fit,#LBSFORGOLD
(to
                                GERTRUDE) These deep, heaving sighs
                                of yours mean something. You have to tell me what. I need to know.
                                Where’s your son?
(to ROSENCRANTZ
                                and
                                GUILDENSTERN) Let us speak privately
                                awhile, please.Ah, my lord, you wouldn’t believe what I’ve
                                witnessed tonight!What, Gertrude? How is Hamlet?As mad as the waves and the wind when they struggle together in a
                                storm. In an insane rage, he hears something behind the tapestry,
                                whips out his sword, shouts, “A rat, a rat!”
                                and in his deranged state of mind he kills the good old man, who is
                                still hidden.Oh, this is terrible! It would’ve happened to me if
                                I’d been there. His wildness is a threat to all of
                                us—to you, to me, to everyone. How will we deal with this
                                violent deed? I’m the one who will be blamed for not
                                restraining and confining this mad young man. But I loved him so
                                much I didn’t want to think about what I had to do.So, like someone suffering from a nasty disease who refuses to
                                divulge his condition and lets it infect him to