But, like the owner of a foul disease,To keep it from divulging, let it feedEven on the pith of life. Where is he gone?To draw apart the body he hath killed,O'er whom his very madness, like some oreAmong a mineral of metals base,Shows itself pure. He weeps for what is done.O Gertrude, come away!The sun no sooner shall the mountains touchBut we will ship him hence, and this vile deedWe must, with all our majesty and skill,Both countenance and excuse.—Ho, Guildenstern!Friends both, go join you with some further aid.Hamlet in madness hath Polonius slain,And from his mother’s closet hath he dragged him.Go seek him out, speak fair, and bring the bodyInto the chapel. I pray you, haste in this.Come, Gertrude, we’ll call up our wisest friends,And let them know both what we mean to doAnd what’s untimely done. So dreaded
                                slander—Whose whisper o'er the world’s diameter,As level as the cannon to his blank,Transports the poisoned shot—may miss our nameAnd hit the woundless air. Oh, come away!My soul is full of discord and dismay.#LBSFORGOLDthe core, I kept Hamlet’s condition secret and let it
                                grow more and more dangerous. Where has he gone?To remove the corpse of the man he killed. His madness allows a
                                glimmering of morality to shine through, like a vein of gold in a
                                chunk of coal. He weeps for what he has done.Oh, Gertrude, let’s go. As soon as the sun sets
                                we’ll ship him off to England. It’ll take all
                                my diplomatic know-how to explain and excuse the murder
                                he’s committed. Hey, Guildenstern!My friends, go find others to help you. Hamlet in his madness has
                                killed Polonius and dragged him out of his mother’s
                                bedroom. Go find him and speak nicely to him, and bring the corpse
                                into the chapel. Please hurry.Come, Gertrude. We’ll confer with our wisest friends
                                and tell them what we’re going to do, and what terrible
                                deed has been done already. Let’s hope
                                slander—a bullet that can travel halfway around the world
                                and still hit its exact target—spares us. Oh, we must go.
                                I’m full of confusion and despair.