Have you your father’s leave? What says
                            Polonius?He hath, my lord, wrung from me my slow leaveBy laborsome petition, and at lastUpon his will I sealed my hard consent.I do beseech you, give him leave to go.Take thy fair hour, Laertes. Time be thine,And thy best graces spend it at thy will.—But now, my cousin Hamlet, and my son—
(aside) A little more than kin and
                                less than kind.How is it that the clouds still hang on you?Not so, my lord. I am too much i' the sun.Good Hamlet, cast thy nighted color off,And let thine eye look like a friend on Denmark.Do not forever with thy vailèd lidsSeek for thy noble father in the dust.Thou know’st ’tis common. All that lives
                                must die,Passing through nature to eternity.Ay, madam, it is common.      If
                                it be,Why seems it so particular with thee?#LBSFORGOLDDo you have your father’s permission? What does
                                Polonius say?My son has worn me down by asking me so many times. In the end I
                                grudgingly consented. I beg you, let him go.In that case, leave when you like, Laertes, and spend your time
                                however you wish. I hereby grant your request, and hope you have a
                                good time. And now, Hamlet, my nephew and my son—
(speaking so no one else can hear)
                                Too many family ties there for me.Why are you still so gloomy, with a cloud hanging over you?It’s not true, sir. Your son is out in the sun.My dear Hamlet, stop wearing these black clothes, and be friendly
                                to the king. You can’t spend your whole life with your
                                eyes to the ground remembering your noble father. It happens all the
                                time, what lives must die eventually, passing to eternity.Yes, mother, it happens all the time.So why does it seem so particular to you?