At supper.At supper where?Not where he eats, but where he is eaten. A certain
convocation of politic worms are e'en at him. Your worm
                                is
your only emperor for diet. We fat all creatures else to fat us,
and we fat ourselves for maggots. Your fat king and your
lean beggar is but variable service—two dishes, but to
                                one
table. That’s the end.
Alas, alas!A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king, and
eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm.
What dost you mean by this?Nothing but to show you how a king may go a progress
through the guts of a beggar.
Where is Polonius?In heaven. Send hither to see. If your messenger find him
not there, seek him i' th' other place
                                yourself. But if indeed
you find him not within this month, you shall nose him as
you go up the stairs into the lobby.

(to attendants) Go seek him
                            there.He will stay till ye come.#LBSFORGOLDAt dinner.At dinner where?Not where he’s eating, but where he’s being
                                eaten. A certain conference of wormsHamlet is punning on a famous event in European history, the Diet of Worms, which was a gathering convened by the Holy Roman Emperor in 1521.conference of worms is chowing down on him. Worms
                                are the emperor of all diets. We fatten up all creatures to feed
                                ourselves, and we fatten ourselves for the worms to eat when
                                we’re dead. A fat king and a skinny beggar are just two
                                dishes at the same meal. That’s all I have to say.Oh no, oh no!A man can fish with the worm that ate a king, and then eat the
                                fish he catches with that worm.What do you mean by that?Nothing much, just to demonstrate that a king can move through the
                                bowels of a beggar.Where is Polonius?In heaven. Send a messager there if you want to be sure. If your
                                messenger can’t find him, you can check hell yourself.
                                But seriously, if you don’t find him within the next
                                month, you’ll be sure to smell him as you go upstairs
                                into the main hall.
(to attendants) Go look for him
                                there.No need to hurry, he’s not going anywhere.