Hamlet, this deed, for thine especial safety—Which we do tender as we dearly grieveFor that which thou hast done—must send thee henceWith fiery quickness. Therefore prepare thyself.The bark is ready and the wind at help,Th' associates tend, and everything is bentFor England.For England?Ay, Hamlet.Good.So is it, if thou knew’st our purposes.I see a cherub that sees them. But come, for England.Farewell, dear mother.Thy loving father, Hamlet.My mother. Father and mother is man and wife, man and
wife is one flesh, and so, my mother.—Come, for
                                England!
Follow him at foot. Tempt him with speed aboard.Delay it not. I’ll have him hence tonight.Away! For everything is sealed and doneThat else leans on the affair. Pray you, make haste.And, England, if my love thou hold’st at
                                aught—As my great power thereof may give thee sense,Since yet thy cicatrice looks raw and redAfter the Danish sword and thy free awe#LBSFORGOLDHamlet, I care for you just as much as I grieve for Polonius. For
                                your own protection, I must send you to England at once. So get
                                ready to leave. The ship is set to sail, the wind is favorable, your
                                servants are waiting for you—everything is ready for you
                                to go to England.To England?Yes, Hamlet.Good.Yes, you’d think so, if you knew why I was sending
                            you.I know an angel who can read your mind. But okay, off to England!
                                Good-bye, dear mother.I’m your father, Hamlet—your father who
                                loves you.You’re my mother. When you married my mother, the two
                                of you became one flesh, so if you’re my father
                                you’re also my mother. Come on, off to England!Follow him on foot, and get him on board as quickly as possible.
                                Don’t waste any time. I want him out of here tonight. Go
                                now; everything else is ready. Please hurry.And you, dear king of England, if you care about me at
                                all—and you should, since you can still feel the damage
                                that Denmark has done to you in the past and, so, fear and respect
                                us—then you won’t ignore my letters
                                instructing you to kill Hamlet immediately. Do it,