Truly to speak, and with no addition,We go to gain a little patch of groundThat hath in it no profit but the name.To pay five ducats, five, I would not farm it.Nor will it yield to Norway or the PoleA ranker rate, should it be sold in fee.Why, then the Polack never will defend it.Yes, it is already garrisoned.Two thousand souls and twenty thousand ducatsWill not debate the question of this straw.This is th' impostume of much wealth and peace,That inward breaks and shows no cause withoutWhy the man dies.—I humbly thank you, sir.God be wi' you, sir.  Will ’t please you go, my
                            lord?I’ll be with you straight. Go a little before.How all occasions do inform against me,And spur my dull revenge! What is a manIf his chief good and market of his timeBe but to sleep and feed? A beast, no more.Sure, he that made us with such large discourse,Looking before and after, gave us notThat capability and godlike reasonTo fust in us unused. Now, whether it beBestial oblivion, or some craven scruple#LBSFORGOLDTo tell the truth, we’re fighting to win a little patch
                                of ground that’s not worth anything. I myself
                                wouldn’t pay five ducats for it, if someone offered it to
                                me to farm. And it won’t provide any more profits than
                                that to either the Norwegian or the Pole.So then the Poles won’t be willing to defend it.Oh, yes they will. They’ve already stationed troops
                                there.(to himself) Even two thousand men
                                and twenty-thousand ducats are just the beginning of what it will
                                cost to settle this pointless matter. This is what happens when
                                countries have too much money and peace. This quarrel is like an
                                abcess that grows inside someone until it bursts and kills them, and
                                no one knows why. (to the CAPTAIN)
                                Thank you very much for the information, sir.Good-bye, sir.Will you please come now, my lord?I’ll be there in a minute. Start without me.My God! Everything I see shows me how wrong I am and tells me to
                                hurry up and get on with my revenge. What is a human being if he
                                just eats and sleeps? Nothing more than a beast. God
                                didn’t create us with such a huge power of thought and a
                                divine capacity for reason in order for us not to use them. Now,
                                whether it’s animal-like mindlessness, or the cowardly
                                hesitation