I will not speak with her.    She is
                                importunate,Indeed distract. Her mood will needs be pitied.What would she have?She speaks much of her father, says she hearsThere’s tricks i' th' world, and
                                hems, and beats her heart,Spurns enviously at straws, speaks things in doubtThat carry but half sense. Her speech is nothing,Yet the unshaped use of it doth moveThe hearers to collection. They aim at it,And botch the words up fit to their own thoughts,Which, as her winks and nods and gestures yield them,Indeed would make one think there might be thought,Though nothing sure, yet much unhappily.'Twere good she were spoken with, for she may strewDangerous conjectures in ill-breeding minds.Let her come in. (aside) To my sick soul
                                (as sin’s true nature is)Each toy seems prologue to some great amiss.So full of artless jealousy is guilt,It spills itself in fearing to be spilt.#LBSFORGOLDI won’t speak to her.She’s insistent. In fact, she’s crazed. You
                                can’t help feeling sorry for her.What does she want?She talks about her father a lot, and says she hears there are
                                conspiracies around the world, and coughs, and beats her breast, and
                                gets angry over tiny matters, and talks nonsense. Her words
                                don’t mean anything, but her babbling causes her
                                listeners to draw conclusions. They hear what they want to hear. Her
                                winks and nods and gestures do suggest that she means to convey a
                                message, and not a happy one.It’s a good idea to speak to her, since she might lead
                                those with evil intentions to dangerous conclusions.Show her in.
(to herself) To my sick soul (since
                                sin is always a sickness), every detail looks like an omen of
                                disaster to come. Guilt makes you so full of stupid suspicions that
                                you give yourself away because you’re trying so hard not
                                to.