How long hath she been thus?I hope all will be well. We must be patient, but I cannot choose
but weep, to think they should lay him i'
                                th' cold
ground. My brother shall know of it, and so I thank you for
your good counsel. Come, my coach! Good night, ladies.
Good night, sweet ladies. Good night, good night.
Follow her close. Give her good watch, I pray you.Oh, this is the poison of deep grief. It springsAll from her father’s death, and now behold!O Gertrude, Gertrude,When sorrows come, they come not single spiesBut in battalions. First, her father slain.Next, your son gone, and he most violent authorOf his own just remove. The people muddied,Thick, and unwholesome in their thoughts and whispersFor good Polonius' death, and we have done but greenlyIn hugger-mugger to inter him. Poor OpheliaDivided from herself and her fair judgment,Without the which we are pictures, or mere beasts.Last—and as much containing as all these—Her brother is in secret come from France,Feeds on his wonder, keeps himself in clouds,And wants not buzzers to infect his earWith pestilent speeches of his father’s death,Wherein necessity, of matter beggared,Will nothing stick our person to arraignIn ear and ear. O my dear Gertrude, this,Like to a murdering piece, in many placesGives me superfluous death.#LBSFORGOLDHow long has she been like this?I hope everything will turn out fine. We must be patient, but I
                                can’t help crying when I think of him being laid in the
                                cold ground. My brother will hear about this. And so I thank you for
                                your good advice. Come, driver! Good night, ladies, good night,
                                sweet ladies, good night, good night.Follow her. Keep an eye on her, please.Oh, her grief has poisoned her mind. Her father died and now look
                                at her! Oh, Gertrude, Gertrude, when bad things happen, they
                                don’t come one at a time, like enemy spies, but all at
                                once like an army. First her father was killed, then your son was
                                taken away—because of his own violent actions. The people
                                are confused and spreading nasty rumors about Polonius’s
                                death, and I was a fool to bury him in a hurry, without a proper
                                state funeral. Poor Ophelia has been robbed of her sanity, without
                                which we’re just pictures, or animals. Last but not
                                least, her brother has secretly returned from France and is
                                surrounded by gossip-mongers, who fill his ears with wicked stories
                                about his father’s death. Deprived of proper evidence,
                                he’ll naturally attribute the murder to me. Oh, dear
                                Gertrude, I feel as though I’m being murdered many times
                                over.