How now? What noise is that?O heat, dry up my brains! Tears seven times salt,Burn out the sense and virtue of mine eye!By heaven, thy madness shall be paid by weight,Till our scale turn the beam. O rose of May,Dear maid, kind sister, sweet Ophelia!O heavens, is ’t possible a young maid’s
                                witsShould be as mortal as an old man’s life?Nature is fine in love, and where ’tis fine,It sends some precious instance of itselfAfter the thing it loves.
(sings)
 They bore him barefaced on the
                                    bier,  Hey, non nonny,
                                    nonny, hey, nonny, And in his grave rained many a
                                    tear.Fare you well, my dove.Hadst thou thy wits, and didst persuade revenge,It could not move thus.You must sing
                                A-down
                                a-down—And
                                you,
                                Call him
                                    a-
down-a—Oh, how the wheel
                                becomes it! It is the false
steward that stole his master’s daughter.
This nothing’s more than matter.There’s rosemary, that’s for remembrance.
                                Pray you, love,
remember. And there is pansies, that’s for
                            thoughts.
#LBSFORGOLDWhat’s that noise?Oh, heat, dry up my brains! Salty tears, burn my eyes! By heaven,
                                I’ll get revenge for your madness! Oh, you springtime
                                rose, dear maiden, kind sister, sweet Ophelia! Is it possible that a
                                young woman’s mind could fade away as easily as an old
                                man’s life? Human nature is refined and
                                thoughtful—person graciously gives a valuable part of
                                herself away to her beloved, as Ophelia has sent off her sanity to
                                her dead father.
(sings)
 They carried him uncovered in
                                    the coffin,  Hey non nonny,
                                    nonny, hey nonny. And tears poured down into his
                                    grave.Good-bye, honey.If you were sane and could urge me to take revenge, you
                                couldn’t be more persuasive than you are now.You’re supposed to sing, “A down
                                a-down,” and you, “Call him
                                a-down-a.” Oh, how it turns around like a wheel! Like the
                                worker who stole his boss’s daughter.This nonsense means more than rational speech.Look at my flowers. There’s rosemary, that’s
                                for remembering. Please remember, love. And there are pansies,
                                they’re for thoughts.