A document in madness. Thoughts and remembrance
fitted.
There’s fennel for you, and
                                columbines.—There’s rue for
you, and here’s some for me. We may call it
                                “herb of grace”
 o' Sundays.—Oh, you must wear your rue with
                                a
difference.—There’s a daisy. I would give
                                you some violets,
but they withered all when my father died. They say he
made a good end
                                (sings) For bonny sweet Robin is all my
                            joy—
Thought and affliction, passion, hell itself,She turns to favor and to prettiness.
(sings)
 And will he not come
                                again?
 And will he not come
                                again?
  No, no, he is
                                dead,  Go to thy
                                deathbed. He never will come
                                again. His beard was as white as
                                snow, All flaxen was his
                                poll.  He is gone, he is
                                    gone,  And we cast away
                                    moan, God ha' mercy on his
                                    soul.—And of all Christian souls, I pray God. God be wi'
                            ye.Do you see this, O God?Laertes, I must commune with your grief,Or you deny me right. Go but apart,Make choice of whom your wisest friends you will.And they shall hear and judge ’twixt you and me.If by direct or by collateral handThey find us touched, we will our kingdom give,Our crown, our life, and all that we can ours,To you in satisfaction. But if not,Be you content to lend your patience to us,And we shall jointly labor with your soulTo give it due content.#LBSFORGOLDA case study in madness, to connect memory and thought.
(to GERTRUDE
                                ) Here are fennel and columbines for
                                you—they symbolize adultery.
                                (to
                                CLAUDIUS) And here’s rue
                                for you—it symbolizes repentance. We can call it the
                                merciful Sunday flower. You should wear it for a different reason.
                                And here’s a daisy, for unhappy love. I’d give
                                you some violets, flowers of faithfulness, but they all dried up
                                when my father died. They say he looked good when he died.
                                (sings) For good sweet Robin is all
                                    my joy.Sadness and torment, suffering, hell itself—she makes
                                them almost pretty.
(sings)
 And won’t he come
                                    again?
 And won’t he come
                                    again?
  No, no,
                                    he’s dead.  Go to your
                                deathbed. He’ll never come
                                    again. His beard was white as
                                snow,
 His hair was all white
                                too.  He’s
                                    gone, he’s gone,  And we moan as
                                    we’re cast away. God have mercy on his
                                soul.And on the souls of all good Christians, I hope. Goodbye, God be
                                with you.Do you see this, oh, God?Laertes, I have a right to share your grief. Go choose your wisest
                                friends, and have them listen to both of us and decide which of us
                                is right. If directly or indirectly they find me implicated in your
                                father’s murder, I’ll give up my kingdom, my
                                crown, my life, and everything I call my own to you as restitution.
                                But if they find me innocent, then be patient and I’ll
                                work to satisfy to the fullest extent your deepest need for
                            revenge.