What are they that would speak with me?Seafaring men, sir. They say they have letters for you.Let them come in.I do not know from what part of the worldI should be greeted, if not from Lord Hamlet.God bless you, sir.Let him bless thee too.He shall, sir, an ’t please Him. There’s a
                                letter for you, sir—
it comes from the ambassador that was bound for
England—if your name be Horatio, as I am let to know it
                                is. (gives HORATIO
                                a letter)

(reads)
“Horatio, When thou shalt have overlooked this, give these fellows
                                some means to the king. They have letters for
                                him. Ere we were two days old at sea, a pirate of very
                                warlike appointment gave us chase. Finding ourselves
                                too slow of sail, we put on a compelled valor, and in the
                                grapple I boarded them. On the instant, they got clear
                                of our ship, so I alone became their prisoner. They
                                have dealt with me like thieves of mercy, but they
                                knew what they did; I am to do a good turn for them.
                                 #LBSFORGOLDWho are the people who want to speak with me?Sailors, sir. They say they have letters for you.Show them in.I don’t know who else would send me a letter from
                                abroad except Hamlet.Hello, sir. God bless you.May He bless you, too.He will, sir, if He wants to. There’s a letter for you,
                                sir. It’s from the ambassador, Lord Hamlet, who was going
                                to England—if your name’s Horatio, as they
                                told me it is. (he hands HORATIO
                                a letter)

(reading the letter)
 “Horatio, When you’ve read this letter, find a way to
                                let these guys see the king. They have letters for him. Before we
                                were at sea for even two days, a pirate ship equipped for battle
                                pursued us. We were too slow to escape, so we were forced to stand
                                and fight. In the battle that followed I ended up on the pirate
                                ship. Just then they left our ship behind, so I became the only
                                prisoner on board. They’ve treated me quite mercifully
                                for thieves, but they knew what they were doing. They want me to do
                                a favor for them.