Now must your conscience my acquaintance seal,And you must put me in your heart for friend,Sith you have heard, and with a knowing ear,That he which hath your noble father slainPursued my life.  It well appears. But tell meWhy you proceeded not against these feats,So criminal and so capital in nature,As by your safety, wisdom, all things else,You mainly were stirred up.    Oh, for two
                                special reasons,Which may to you perhaps seem much unsinewed,But yet to me they are strong. The queen his motherLives almost by his looks, and for myself—My virtue or my plague, be it either which—She’s so conjunctive to my life and soul,That, as the star moves not but in his sphere,I could not but by her. The other motiveWhy to a public count I might not go,Is the great love the general gender bear him,Who, dipping all his faults in their affection,Would, like the spring that turneth wood to stone,Convert his gyves to graces—so that my arrows,Too slightly timbered for so loud a wind,Would have reverted to my bow again,And not where I had aimed them.#LBSFORGOLDNow you’ve got to acknowledge my innocence and believe
                                I’m your friend, since you’ve heard and
                                understood that the man who killed your father was trying to kill
                                me.It looks that way. But tell me why you didn’t take
                                immediate action against his criminal acts, when your own safety and
                                everything else would seem to call for it.Oh, for two main reasons which may seem weak to you, but strong to
                                me. The queen, his mother, is devoted to him. And (for better or
                                worse, whichever it is) she is such a part of my life and soul that
                                I can’t live apart from her, any more than a planet can
                                leave its orbit. The other reason why I couldn’t
                                prosecute and arrest Hamlet is that the public loves him. In their
                                affection they overlook all his faults. Like magic, they convert
                                them into virtues, so whatever I said against him would end up
                                hurting me, not him.