And so have I a noble father lost,A sister driven into desperate terms,Whose worth, if praises may go back again,Stood challenger on mount of all the ageFor her perfections. But my revenge will come.Break not your sleeps for that. You must not thinkThat we are made of stuff so flat and dullThat we can let our beard be shook with dangerAnd think it pastime. You shortly shall hear more.I loved your father, and we love ourself.And that, I hope, will teach you to imagine—How now, what news?  Letters, my lord, from Hamlet.This to your majesty, this to the queen.
                                (gives CLAUDIUS
                                letters)
From Hamlet? Who brought them?Sailors, my lord, they say. I saw them not.They were given me by Claudio. He received themOf him that brought them.Laertes, you shall hear them.—Leave us.
(reads)
 “High and mighty, You shall know I am set naked on your kingdom.
                                Tomorrow shall I beg leave to see your kingly eyes,
                                when I shall, first asking your pardon thereunto,
                                recount the occasion of my sudden and more strange
                                return.      Hamlet.”#LBSFORGOLDAnd so I’ve lost my noble father, had my sister driven
                                insane—my sister who once was (if I can praise her for
                                what she once was, not what she is now) the most perfect girl who
                                ever lived. But I’ll get my revenge.Don’t you worry about that. You must not think that
                                I’m so lazy and dull that I can be severely threatened
                                and think it’s just a game. You’ll hear more
                                about my plans soon enough. I loved your father, and I love myself,
                                which should be enough to—What is it? What’s the news?Letters, my lord, from Hamlet. This one’s for Your
                                Highness, this one for the queen.
                                (gives CLAUDIUS
                                letters)
From Hamlet? Who delivered them?Sailors, my lord, or so they say. I didn’t see them.
                                Claudio gave them to me, and he got them from the one who delivered
                                them.Laertes, I want you to hear what they say. Leave us alone
                            now.
(reads)
 “High and Mighty one, You know I’ve been set down naked, you
                                might say, in your kingdom. Tomorrow I’ll beg permission
                                to look into your kingly eyes, at which point I’ll
                                tell you the story (after first apologizing) of how I came back to
                                Denmark so strangely and suddenly.      Hamlet”