What should this mean? Are all the rest come back?
                                Or is it some abuse, and no such thing?Know you the hand?  'Tis Hamlet’s
                                character. “Naked”?And in a postscript here, he says “alone.”Can you advise me?I’m lost in it, my lord. But let him come.It warms the very sickness in my heartThat I shall live and tell him to his teeth,“Thus diddest thou.”  If it be so, Laertes—As how should it be so? How otherwise?—Will you be ruled by me?    Ay, my
                                lord—So you will not o'errule me to a peace.To thine own peace. If he be now returned,As checking at his voyage, and that he meansNo more to undertake it, I will work himTo an exploit, now ripe in my devise,Under the which he shall not choose but fall.And for his death no wind of blame shall breathe,But even his mother shall uncharge the practiceAnd call it accident.  My lord, I will be ruledThe rather if you could devise it soThat I might be the organ.#LBSFORGOLDWhat does this mean? Has everyone else come back too? Or is it all
                                a lie—and no one has yet returned?Do you recognize the handwriting?It’s Hamlet’s writing.
                                “Naked,” he says. And in a P.S. he adds,
                                “alone.” Can you help me out with this?I have no clue, my lord. But let him come. It warms my weary heart
                                to think I’ll get the chance to look him in the eye and
                                say, “You did this.”If that’s how you feel, Laertes—and why
                                shouldn’t you? Will you let me guide and direct
                            you?Yes, my lord, as long as you won’t lead me toward
                                peace.No, just toward your own peace of mind. If he’s come
                                back to Denmark without plans to continue on his trip, then
                                I’ll trick him into an undertaking, which I’m
                                working out now, that’s sure to kill him. When he dies,
                                no one will be blamed, even his mother will call it an
                            accident.My lord, I’ll let you make the decision. I only ask to
                                be in on your plans, the agent of his death.