  To cut his throat i'
                                th' church.No place, indeed, should murder sanctuarize.Revenge should have no bounds. But, good Laertes,Will you do this, keep close within your chamber.Hamlet returned shall know you are come home.We’ll put on those shall praise your excellenceAnd set a double varnish on the fameThe Frenchman gave you, bring you in fine togetherAnd wager on your heads. He, being remiss,Most generous and free from all contriving,Will not peruse the foils; so that, with ease,Or with a little shuffling, you may chooseA sword unbated, and in a pass of practiceRequite him for your father.    I will do
                                ’t.And for that purpose I’ll anoint my sword.I bought an unction of a mountebank,So mortal that, but dip a knife in it,Where it draws blood no cataplasm so rare,Collected from all simples that have virtueUnder the moon, can save the thing from deathThat is but scratched withal. I’ll touch my pointWith this contagion, that if I gall him slightlyIt may be death.  Let’s further think of this,Weigh what convenience both of time and meansMay fit us to our shape. If this should fail,And that our drift look through our bad performance,'Twere better not assayed. Therefore this
                            project#LBSFORGOLDI’ll cut Hamlet’s throat in church.It’s true, no place—not even a
                                church—should offer refuge to that murderer. Revenge
                                should have no limits. But Laertes, will you do this: stay in your
                                room? When Hamlet comes home he’ll learn
                                you’re here. I’ll have people praise your
                                excellence and put a double coat on the fame the Frenchman gave you.
                                In short, we’ll get you together and place bets on you.
                                Hamlet’s so careless, high-minded, and unsuspecting that
                                he won’t examine the swords beforehand, so you can easily
                                choose one with a sharpened point and in one thrust avenge the death
                                of your father.I’ll do it, and I’ll put a little dab of
                                something on my sword as well. From a quack doctor I bought some oil
                                so poisonous that if you dip a knife in it, no medicine in the world
                                can save the person who’s scratched by it. If I even
                                graze his skin slightly, he’s likely to die.Let’s think about this, and consider what time and what
                                method will be most appropriate. If our plan were to fail, and
                                people found out about it, it would be better never to have tried
                                it.We should have a backup ready in case the first plan
                                doesn’t work. Let me think. We’ll place bets
                                on you and Hamlet—that’s it! When the two of
                                you have gotten all sweaty and hot—keep him jumping
                                around a lot for that purpose—Hamlet will ask for
                                something to drink. I’ll have a cup ready for him. If by
                                chance he