Should have a back or second that might holdIf this should blast in proof.—Soft, let me
                                see.—We’ll make a solemn wager on your cunnings.—I ha ’t! When in your motion you are hot and dry,As make your bouts more violent to that end,And that he calls for drink, I’ll have prepared himA chalice for the nonce, whereon but sipping,If he by chance escape your venomed stuck,Our purpose may hold there.—But stay, what
                            noise?One woe doth tread upon another’s heel,So fast they follow.—Your sister’s drowned,
                                Laertes.Drowned? Oh, where?There is a willow grows aslant a brookThat shows his hoar leaves in the glassy stream.There with fantastic garlands did she comeOf crowflowers, nettles, daisies, and long purples,That liberal shepherds give a grosser name,But our cold maids do “dead men’s
                                fingers” call them.There, on the pendant boughs her coronet weedsClambering to hang, an envious sliver broke,When down her weedy trophies and herselfFell in the weeping brook. Her clothes spread wide,And mermaid-like a while they bore her up,Which time she chanted snatches of old laudsAs one incapable of her own distress,Or like a creature native and induedUnto that element. But long it could not beTill that her garments, heavy with their drink,Pulled the poor wretch from her melodious layTo muddy death.#LBSFORGOLDescapes your poisoned sword tip, the drink will kill him. But
                                wait, what’s that sound?The bad news just keeps on coming, one disaster after another.
                                Your sister’s drowned, Laertes.Drowned? Oh, where?There’s a willow that leans over the brook, dangling
                                its white leaves over the glassy water. Ophelia made wild wreaths
                                out of those leaves, braiding in crowflowers, thistles, daisies, and
                                the orchises that vulgar shepherds have an obscene name for, but
                                which pure-minded girls call “dead men’s
                                fingers.” Climbing into the tree to hang the wreath of
                                weeds on the hanging branches, she and her flowers fell into the
                                gurgling brook. Her clothes spread out wide in the water, and buoyed
                                her up for a while as she sang bits of old hymns, acting like
                                someone who doesn’t realize the danger she’s
                                in, or like someone completely accustomed to danger. But it was only
                                a matter of time before her clothes, heavy with the water they
                                absorbed, pulled the poor thing out of her song, down into the mud
                                at the bottom of the brook.