Is she to be buried in Christian burial when she willfully
seeks her own salvation?
I tell thee she is. Therefore make her grave straight. The
crowner hath sat on her and finds it Christian burial.
How can that be, unless she drowned herself in her own
defense?
Why, ’tis found so.It must be se offendendo. It cannot
                                be else. For here lies
the point: if I drown myself wittingly, it argues an act. And an
act hath three branches—it is to act, to do, to
                                perform.
Argal, she drowned herself wittingly.
Nay, but hear you, Goodman Delver—Give me leave. Here lies the water. Good. Here stands the
man. Good. If the man go to this water and drown himself,
it is, will he nill he, he goes. Mark you that. But if the water
come to him and drown him, he drowns not himself. Argal,
he that is not guilty of his own death shortens not his own
life.
But is this law?#LBSFORGOLDAre they really going to give her a Christian burial after she killed herself?In Shakespeare’s time, people who committed suicide were not given a Christian burial.after she
                                    killed herself?
I’m telling you, yes. So finish that grave right away.
                                The coroner examined her case and says it should be a Christian
                                funeral.But how, unless she drowned in self-defense?That’s what they’re saying she did.Sounds more like “self-offense,” if you ask
                                me. What I’m saying is, if she knew she was drowning
                                herself, then that’s an act. An act has three sides to
                                it: to do, to act, and to perform. Therefore she must have known she
                                was drowning herself.No, listen here, gravedigger sir—Let me finish. Here’s the water, right? And
                                here’s a man, okay? If the man goes into the water and
                                drowns himself, he’s the one doing it, like it or not.
                                But if the water comes to him and drowns him, then he
                                doesn’t drown himself. Therefore, he who is innocent of
                                his own death does not shorten his own life.Is that how the law sees it?