Ay, marry, is ’t. Crowner’s quest
                            law.Will you ha' the truth on ’t? If this had
                                not been a
gentlewoman, she should have been buried out o'
                                Christian
burial.
Why, there thou sayst. And the more pity that great folk
should have countenance in this world to drown or hang
themselves more than their even Christian. Come, my
spade. There is no ancient gentleman but gardeners,
ditchers, and grave-makers. They hold up Adam’s
profession.
Was he a gentleman?He was the first that ever bore arms.Why, he had none.What, art a heathen? How dost thou understand the
Scripture? The Scripture says Adam digged. Could he dig
without arms? I’ll put another question to thee. If
                                thou
answerest me not to the purpose, confess
                            thyself—
Go to.What is he that builds stronger than either the mason, the
shipwright, or the carpenter?
The gallows-maker, for that frame outlives a thousand
tenants.
I like thy wit well, in good faith. The gallows does well, but
how does it well? It does well to those that do ill. 
#LBSFORGOLDIt sure is. The coroner’s inquest law.Do you want to know the truth? If this woman hadn’t
                                been rich, she wouldn’t have been given a Christian
                                burial.Well there, now you’ve said it. It’s a pity
                                that the rich have more freedom to hang or drown themselves than the
                                rest of us Christians. Come on, shovel. The most ancient aristocrats
                                in the world are gardeners, ditch-diggers, and gravediggers. They
                                keep up Adam’s profession.Was he an aristocrat? With a coat of arms?He was the first person who ever had arms.He didn’t have any.What, aren’t you a Christian? The Bible says Adam dug
                                in the ground. How could he dig without arms? I’ll ask
                                you another question. If you can’t answer
                            it—Go ahead!What do you call a person who builds stronger things than a
                                stonemason, a shipbuilder, or a carpenter does?The one who builds the gallows to hang people on, since his
                                structure outlives a thousand inhabitants.You’re funny, and I like that. The gallows do a good
                                job. But how? It does a good job for those who do bad.