Now
                            thou dost ill to say the gallows is built stronger than the church.
Argal, the gallows may do well to thee. To ’t again,
                                come.
“Who builds stronger than a mason, a shipwright, or a
carpenter?”
Ay, tell me that, and unyoke.Marry, now I can tell.To ’t.Mass, I cannot tell.Cudgel thy brains no more about it, for your dull ass will
not mend his pace with beating. And when you are asked
this question next, say “A grave-maker.” The
                                houses that
he makes last till doomsday. Go, get thee in. Fetch me a
stoup of liquor.

(digs and sings)
 In youth when I did love, did
                                    love,  Methought it was
                                    very sweet
 To
                                    contract–o–the time,
                                    for–a–my behove,  Oh, methought,
                                    there–a–was
                                    nothing–a–meet.Has this fellow no feeling of his business? He sings at grave-
making.
#LBSFORGOLDNow, it’s wrong to say that the gallows are stronger
                                than a church. Therefore, the gallows may do
                                you some good. Come on, your
                            turn.Let’s see, “Who builds stronger things than
                                a stonemason, a shipbuilder, or a carpenter?”That’s the question, so answer it.Ah, I’ve got it!Go ahead.Damn, I forgot.Don’t beat your brains out over it. You
                                can’t make a slow donkey run by beating it. The next time
                                someone asks you this riddle, say “a
                                gravedigger.” The houses he makes last till Judgment Day.
                                Now go and get me some booze.
(the GRAVEDIGGER
                                digs and sings)
 In my youth I loved, I
                                loved,  And I thought it was
                                    very sweet
 To
                                    set—ohh—the date
                                    for—ahh—my duty
  Oh, I thought
                                    it—ahh—was not right.Doesn’t this guy realize what he’s doing?
                                He’s singing while digging a grave.