That he might not beteem the winds of heavenVisit her face too roughly.—Heaven and earth,Must I remember? Why, she would hang on himAs if increase of appetite had grownBy what it fed on, and yet, within a month—Let me not think on ’t. Frailty, thy name is
                                woman!—A little month, or ere those shoes were oldWith which she followed my poor father’s body,Like Niobe, all tears. Why she, even she—O God, a beast that wants discourse of reasonWould have mourned longer!—married with my uncle,My father’s brother, but no more like my fatherThan I to Hercules. Within a month,Ere yet the salt of most unrighteous tearsHad left the flushing in her gallèd eyes,She married. O most wicked speed, to postWith such dexterity to incestuous sheets!It is not nor it cannot come to good,But break, my heart, for I must hold my tongue.Hail to your lordship.    I am glad to see
                                you well.—Horatio? Or I do forget myself?The same, my lord, and your poor servant ever.Sir, my good friend, I’ll change that name with you.And what make you from Wittenberg, Horatio?—Marcellus!  My good lord.#LBSFORGOLDOh God, do I have to remember that? She would hang on to him, and
                                the more she was with him the more she wanted to be with him; she
                                couldn’t get enough of him. Yet even so, within a month
                                of my father’s death (I don’t even want to
                                think about it. Oh women! You are so weak!), even before she had
                                broken in the shoes she wore to his funeral, crying like
                                crazy—even an animal would have mourned its mate longer
                                than she did!—there she was marrying my uncle, my
                                father’s brother, who’s about as much like my
                                father as I’m like Hercules. Less than a month after my
                                father’s death, even before the tears on her cheeks had
                                dried, she remarried. Oh, so quick to jump into a bed of incest!
                                That’s not good, and no good can come of it either. But
                                my heart must break in silence, since I can’t mention my
                                feelings aloud.Hello, sir.Nice to see you again, Horatio—that is your name,
                                right?That’s me, sir. Still your respectful servant.Not my servant, but my friend. I’ll change that name
                                for you. But what are you doing so far from Wittenberg, Horatio?
                                —Oh, Marcellus?Hello, sir.