Custom hath made it in him a property of easiness.'Tis e'en so. The hand of little employment
                                hath the
daintier sense.

(sings)
 But age with his stealing
                                steps
  Hath clawed me in
                                    his clutch, And hath shipped me into the
                                    land
  As if I had never
                                    been such.
(throws up a skull)
That skull had a tongue in it and could sing once. How the
knave jowls it to the ground, as if it were Cain’s
                                jawbone,
that did the first murder! It might be the pate of a politician,
 which this ass now o'erreaches, one that would
                                circumvent
God, might it not?
It might, my lord.Or of a courtier, which could say, “Good morrow, sweet
lord!” “How dost thou, good
                                lord?” This might be my Lord
Such-a-one that praised my Lord Such-a-one’s horse when
he meant to beg it, might it not?
Ay, my lord.Why, e'en so. And now my Lady Worm’s,
                                chapless and
knocked about the mazard with a sexton’s spade.
                                Here’s
fine revolution, an we had the trick to see ’t. Did
                                these bones
cost no more the breeding but to play at loggets with them?
Mine ache to think on ’t.
#LBSFORGOLDHe’s gotten so used to graves that they
                                don’t bother him anymore.Yes, exactly. Only people who don’t have to work can
                                afford to be sensitive.
(sings)
 But old age has sneaked up on
                                    me
  And grabbed me in
                                    his claws, And has shipped me into the
                                    ground
  As if
                                    I’d never been like that.
(he throws up a skull)
That skull had a tongue in it once and could sing. That jackass is
                                throwing it around as if it belonged to Cain, who did the first
                                murder! It might be the skull of a politician once capable of
                                talking his way around God, right? And now this idiot is pulling
                                rank on him.Indeed, my lord.Or a courtier, who could say things like, “Good night,
                                my sweet lord! How are you doing, good lord?” This might
                                be the skull of Lord So-and-So, who praised Lord
                                Such-and-Such’s horse when he wanted to borrow it,
                            right?Yes, my lord.Exactly. And now it’s the property of Lady Worm, its
                                lower jaw knocked off and thwacked on the noggin with a shovel.
                                That’s quite a reversal of fortune, isn’t it,
                                if we could only see it? Are these bones worth nothing more than
                                bowling pins now? It makes my bones ache to think about it.