
(sings)
 A pickax and a spade, a
                                spade,  For and a shrouding
                                    sheet, Oh, a pit of clay for to be
                                    made
  For such a guest is
                                    meet.
(throws up another skull)
There’s another. Why may not that be the skull of a
                                lawyer?
Where be his quiddities now, his quillities, his cases, his
tenures, and his tricks? Why does he suffer this rude knave
now to knock him about the sconce with a dirty shovel and
 will not tell him of his action of battery? Hum! This fellow
might be in ’s time a great buyer of land, with his
                                statutes,
his recognizances, his fines, his double vouchers, his
recoveries. Is this the fine of his fines and the recovery of his
recoveries, to have his fine pate full of fine dirt? Will his
vouchers vouch him no more of his purchases, and double
ones too, than the length and breadth of a pair of
indentures? The very conveyances of his lands will hardly
lie in this box, and must the inheritor himself have no more,
ha?
Not a jot more, my lord.Is not parchment made of sheepskins?Ay, my lord, and of calfskins too.They are sheep and calves which seek out assurance in that.I will speak to this fellow.—Whose grave’s
                                this, sirrah?Mine, sir.
(sings)
#LBSFORGOLD
(sings)
 A pickax and a shovel, a
                                shovel,  And a sheet for a
                                    funeral shroud, Oh, a pit of dirt is what we
                                    need
  For a guest like
                                    this one here.
(he throws up another skull)
There’s another. Could that be a lawyer’s
                                skull? Where’s all his razzle-dazzle legal jargon now?
                                Why does he allow this idiot to knock him on the head with a dirty
                                shovel, instead of suing him for assault and battery? Maybe this guy
                                was once a great landowner, with his deeds and contracts, his tax
                                shelters and his annuities. Is it part of his deed of ownership to
                                have his skull filled up with dirt? Does he only get to keep as much
                                land as a set of contracts would cover if you spread them out on the
                                ground? The deeds to his properties would barely fit in this
                                coffin—and the coffin’s all the property he
                                gets to keep?No more than that, my lord.Isn’t the parchment of a legal document made of
                                sheepskin?Yes, my lord, and calfskin too.Anyone who puts his trust in such documents is a sheep or a calf.
                                I’ll talk to this guy.—Excuse me, sir, whose
                                grave is this?It’s mine, sir.