 Oh, a pit of clay for to be
                                    made
 For such a guest is
                                meet.I think it be thine, indeed, for thou liest in
                            ’t.You lie out on ’t, sir, and therefore it is not yours.
                                For my
part, I do not lie in ’t, and yet it is mine.
Thou dost lie in ’t, to be in ’t and say it
                                is thine. 'Tis for the
dead, not for the quick. Therefore thou liest.
'Tis a quick lie, sir. 'Twill away gain from
                                me to you.What man dost thou dig it for?For no man, sir.What woman, then?For none, neither.Who is to be buried in ’t?One that was a woman, sir, but, rest her soul, she’s
                                dead.How absolute the knave is! We must speak by the card, or
equivocation will undo us. By the Lord, Horatio, these
three years I have taken a note of it. The age is grown so
picked that the toe of the peasant comes so near the heel of
the courtier he galls his kibe.—How long hast thou been
                                a
grave-maker?
Of all the days i' the year, I came to ’t
                                that day that our lastKing Hamlet overcame Fortinbras.#LBSFORGOLD
(sings)
 Oh, a pit of dirt is what we
                                    need
 For a guest like this one
                                here.I think it really must be yours, since you’re the one
                                lying in it.And you’re lying outside of it, so it’s not
                                yours. As for me, I’m not lying to you in
                                it—it’s really mine.But you are lying in it, being in
                                it and saying it’s yours. It’s for the dead,
                                not the living. So you’re lying.That’s a lively lie, sir—it jumps so fast
                                from me to you.What man are you digging it for?For no man, sir.What woman, then?For no woman, either.Who’s to be buried in it?One who used to be a woman but—bless her
                                soul—is dead now.How literal this guy is! We have to speak precisely, or
                                he’ll get the better of us with his wordplay. Lord,
                                Horatio, I’ve been noticing this for a few years now. The
                                peasants have become so clever and witty that they’re
                                nipping at the heels of noblemen.—How long have you been
                                a gravedigger?Of all the days in the year, I started the day that the late King
                                Hamlet defeated Fortinbras.