Faith, if he be not rotten before he die—as we have
                                many
pocky corses nowadays that will scarce hold the laying
                                in—
he will last you some eight year or nine year. A tanner will
last you nine year.
Why he more than another?Why, sir, his hide is so tanned with his trade that he will
keep out water a great while, and your water is a sore
decayer of your whoreson dead body.
                                (indicates a skull)
 Here’s a skull now. This skull has lain in the earth
                                three-and-twenty years.
Whose was it?A whoreson mad fellow’s it was. Whose do you think it
                                was?Nay, I know not.A pestilence on him for a mad rogue! He poured a flagon of Rhenish on my head once. This same skull, sir, was
                                Yorick’s  skull, the king’s jester.This?E'en that.Let me see. (takes the skull) Alas,
                                poor Yorick! I knew him,
Horatio, a fellow of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy.
He hath borne me on his back a thousand times, and now,
how abhorred in my imagination it is! My gorge rises at it.
Here hung those lips that I have kissed I know not how oft.
 —Where be your gibes now? Your gambols? Your songs?
Your flashes of merriment that were wont to set the table on
a roar? Not one now to mock your own grinning? Quite
chapfallen? Now get you to my lady’s chamber and tell
                                her,
let her paint an inch thick, to this favor she must come.
Make her laugh at that.—Prithee, Horatio, tell me one
thing.
#LBSFORGOLDWell, if he’s not rotten before he dies (and there are
                                a lot of people now who are so rotten they start falling to pieces
                                even before you put them in the coffin), he’ll last eight
                                or nine years. A leathermaker will last nine years.Why does he last longer?Because his hide is so leathery from his trade that he keeps the
                                water off him a long time, and water is what makes your goddamn body
                                rot more than anything. Here’s a skull that’s
                                been here twenty-three years.Whose was it?A crazy bastard. Who do you think?I really don’t know.Damn that crazy madman! He poured a pitcher of white wine on my
                                head once. This is the skull of Yorick, the king’s
                                jester.This one?Yes, that one.Let me see. (he takes the skull)
                                Oh, poor Yorick! I used to know him, Horatio—a very funny
                                guy, and with an excellent imagination. He carried me on his back a
                                thousand times, and now—how terrible—this is
                                him. It makes my stomach turn. I don’t know how many
                                times I kissed the lips that used to be right here. Where are your
                                jokes now? Your pranks? Your songs?Your flashes of wit that used to set the whole table laughing? You
                                don’t make anybody smile now. Are you sad about that? You
                                need to go to my lady’s room and tell her that no matter
                                how much makeup she slathers on, she’ll end up just like
                                you some day. That’ll make her laugh. Horatio, tell me
                                something.