  Hamlet, Hamlet!Gentlemen—
(to
                                HAMLET) Good my lord, be
                            quiet.Why, I will fight with him upon this themeUntil my eyelids will no longer wag.O my son, what theme?I loved Ophelia. Forty thousand brothersCould not with all their quantity of loveMake up my sum. What wilt thou do for her?O, he is mad, Laertes.For love of God, forbear him.'Swounds, show me what thou'lt do.Woo’t weep? Woo’t fight? Woo’t
                                fast? Woo’t tear thyself?Woo’t drink up eisel, eat a crocodile?I’ll do ’t. Dost thou come here to whine,To outface me with leaping in her grave?Be buried quick with her?—and so will I.And if thou prate of mountains let them throwMillions of acres on us, till our ground,Singeing his pate against the burning zone,Make Ossa like a wart! Nay, an thou'lt mouth,I’ll rant as well as thou.  This is mere madness.And thus a while the fit will work on him.Anon, as patient as the female doveWhen that her golden couplets are disclosed,His silence will sit drooping.#LBSFORGOLDHamlet! Hamlet!Gentlemen!
(to HAMLET
                                ) Please, my lord, calm down.I’ll fight him over this issue till I don’t
                                have the strength to blink.Oh, my son, what issue is that?I loved Ophelia. Forty thousand brothers, if you added all their
                                love together, couldn’t match mine. What are you going to
                                do for her?Oh, he’s crazy, Laertes!For the love of God, be patient with him.Damn it, show me what you’re going to do for her. Will
                                you cry? Fight? Stop eating? Cut yourself? Drink vinegar? Eat a
                                crocodile? I’ll do all that. Did you come here to whine?
                                To outdo me by jumping into her grave so theatrically? To be buried
                                alive with her? So will I. And if you rattle on about mountains,
                                then let them throw millions of acres over us. It will be so high a
                                peak that it scrapes against heaven and makes Mount Ossa look like a
                                wart. See? I can talk crazy as well as you.This is pure insanity. He’ll be like this for a little
                                while. Then he’ll be as calm and quiet as a dove waiting
                                for her eggs to hatch.