
(to
                                MARCELLUS) I am very glad to see
                                you.—(to
                                BARNARDO) Good even, sir.
(to
                                HORATIO) —But what, in
                                faith, make you from Wittenberg?A truant disposition, good my lord.I would not hear your enemy say so,Nor shall you do mine ear that violence,To make it truster of your own reportAgainst yourself. I know you are no truant.But what is your affair in Elsinore?We’ll teach you to drink deep ere you depart.My lord, I came to see your father’s funeral.I pray thee, do not mock me, fellow student.I think it was to see my mother’s wedding.Indeed, my lord, it followed hard upon.Thrift, thrift, Horatio! The funeral baked meatsDid coldly furnish forth the marriage tables.Would I had met my dearest foe in heavenOr ever I had seen that day, Horatio.My father—methinks I see my father.Where, my lord?  In my mind’s eye,
                            Horatio.I saw him once. He was a goodly king.He was a man. Take him for all in all.I shall not look upon his like again.#LBSFORGOLD
(to
                                MARCELLUS) So nice to see
                                you.—(to
                                BARNARDO) Hello,
                                sir.(to
                                HORATIO)—But what are you
                                doing away from Wittenberg, Horatio?I felt like skipping school, sir.I wouldn’t allow your enemies to say that, and I
                                won’t believe it from you. I know you’d never
                                skip school. What are you doing here in Elsinore? I’ll
                                teach you to drink hard by the time you leave.Sir, we came to see your father’s funeral.Please, don’t make fun of me. I think you came to see
                                my mother’s wedding instead.Well, sir, it’s true it came soon after.It was all about saving a few bucks, Horatio. The leftovers from
                                the funeral dinner made a convenient wedding banquet. Oh,
                                I’d rather have met my fiercest enemy in heaven, Horatio,
                                than have lived through that terrible day! My father—I
                                think I see my father.Where, sir?In my imagination, Horatio.I saw him once. He was an admirable king.He was a great human being. He was perfect in everything.
                                I’ll never see the likes of him again.