My lord, I think I saw him yesternight.Saw who?My lord, the king your father.The king my father?!Season your admiration for a whileWith an attent ear, till I may deliver,Upon the witness of these gentlemen,This marvel to you.  For God’s love, let me
                            hear.Two nights together had these gentlemen,Marcellus and Barnardo, on their watch,In the dead waste and middle of the night,Been thus encountered: a figure like your father,Armed at point exactly, cap-à-pie,Appears before them and with solemn marchGoes slow and stately by them. Thrice he walkedBy their oppressed and fear-surprisèd eyesWithin his truncheon’s length, whilst they, distilledAlmost to jelly with the act of fear,Stand dumb and speak not to him. This to meIn dreadful secrecy impart they did,And I with them the third night kept the watch,Where—as they had delivered, both in time,Form of the thing, each word made true and good—The apparition comes. I knew your father.These hands are not more like.      But
                                where was this?#LBSFORGOLDSir, I think I saw him last night.Saw who?Your father, sir. The dead king.The king my father?!Don’t get too excited yet, sir. Just listen carefully
                                while I tell you the amazing thing I saw, with these gentlemen as
                                witnesses.For God’s sake, let me hear it.After midnight, for two nights running, these two guards,
                                Marcellus and Barnardo, saw a figure that looked very much like your
                                father, in full armor from head to toe. It just appeared before them
                                and marched past them with slow dignity three times, a
                                staff’s distance from their amazed eyes, while they
                                turned, quaking with fear and too shocked to speak. They told me all
                                about this, so on the third night I agreed to come stand guard with
                                them, to see for myself. It happened again, just as they had
                                described. I knew your father. This ghost looked as much like him as
                                my two hands are like each other.But where did this happen?