My necessaries are embarked. Farewell.And, sister, as the winds give benefitAnd convey is assistant, do not sleep,But let me hear from you.    Do you doubt
                            that?For Hamlet and the trifling of his favor,Hold it a fashion and a toy in blood,A violet in the youth of primy nature,Forward, not permanent, sweet, not lasting,The perfume and suppliance of a minute.No more.  No more but so?    Think it no more.For nature, crescent, does not grow aloneIn thews and bulk, but, as this temple waxes,The inward service of the mind and soulGrows wide withal. Perhaps he loves you now,And now no soil nor cautel doth besmirchThe virtue of his will, but you must fear.His greatness weighed, his will is not his own,For he himself is subject to his birth.He may not, as unvalued persons do,Carve for himself, for on his choice dependsThe safety and health of this whole state.And therefore must his choice be circumscribedUnto the voice and yielding of that bodyWhereof he is the head. Then if he says he loves you,#LBSFORGOLDMy belongings are on the ship already. Good-bye. And, my dear
                                sister, as long as the winds are blowing and ships are sailing, let
                                me hear from you—write.Do you doubt I’ll write?As for Hamlet and his attentions to you, just consider it a big
                                flirtation, the temporary phase of a hot-blooded youth. It
                                won’t last. It’s sweet, but his affection will
                                fade after a minute. Not a second more.No more than a minute?Try to think of it like that, anyway. When a youth grows into a
                                man, he doesn’t just get bigger in his
                                body—his responsibilities grow too. He may love you now,
                                and may have only the best intentions, but you have to be on your
                                guard. Remember that he belongs to the royal family, and his
                                intentions don’t matter that
                                much—he’s a slave to his family obligations.
                                He can’t simply make personal choices for himself the way
                                common people can, since the whole country depends on what he does.
                                His choice has to agree with what the nation wants.