Yet here, Laertes? Aboard, aboard, for shame!The wind sits in the shoulder of your sailAnd you are stayed for. There, my blessing with thee.And these few precepts in thy memoryLook thou character. Give thy thoughts no tongue,Nor any unproportioned thought his act.Be thou familiar but by no means vulgar.Those friends thou hast, and their adoption tried,Grapple them unto thy soul with hoops of steel,But do not dull thy palm with entertainmentOf each new-hatched, unfledged comrade. BewareOf entrance to a quarrel, but being in,Bear ’t that th' opposèd may
                                beware of thee.Give every man thy ear but few thy voice.Take each man’s censure but reserve thy judgment.Costly thy habit as thy purse can buy,But not expressed in fancy—rich, not gaudy,For the apparel oft proclaims the man,And they in France of the best rank and stationAre of a most select and generous chief in that.Neither a borrower nor a lender be,For loan oft loses both itself and friend,And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.This above all: to thine own self be true,And it must follow, as the night the day,Thou canst not then be false to any man.Farewell. My blessing season this in thee.Most humbly do I take my leave, my lord.The time invites you. Go. Your servants tend.Farewell, Ophelia, and remember wellWhat I have said to you.#LBSFORGOLDYou’re still here? Shame on you—get on
                                board! The wind is filling your ship’s sail, and
                                they’re waiting for you. Here, I give you my blessing
                                again. And just try to remember a few rules of life.
                                Don’t say what you’re thinking, and
                                don’t be too quick to act on what you think. Be friendly
                                to people but don’t overdo it. Once you’ve
                                tested out your friends and found them trustworthy, hold onto them.
                                But don’t waste your time shaking hands with every new
                                guy you meet. Don’t be quick to pick a fight, but once
                                you’re in one, hold your own. Listen to many people, but
                                talk to few. Hear everyone’s opinion, but reserve your
                                judgment. Spend all you can afford on clothes, but make sure
                                they’re quality, not flashy, since clothes make the
                                man—which is doubly true in France. Don’t
                                borrow money and don’t lend it, since when you lend to a
                                friend, you often lose the friendship as well as the money, and
                                borrowing turns a person into a spendthrift. And, above all, be true
                                to yourself. Then you won’t be false to anybody else.
                                Good-bye, son. I hope my blessing will help you absorb what
                                I’ve said.I humbly say good-bye to you, father.Now go, the time is right. Your servants are waiting.Good-bye, Ophelia. Remember what I’ve told you.