    'Tis in
                                my memory locked,And you yourself shall keep the key of it.Farewell.What is ’t, Ophelia, he hath said to you?So please you, something touching the Lord Hamlet.Marry, well bethought.'Tis told me he hath very oft of lateGiven private time to you, and you yourselfHave of your audience been most free and bounteous.If it be so as so ’tis put on me—And that in way of caution—I must tell you,You do not understand yourself so clearlyAs it behooves my daughter and your honor.What is between you? Give me up the truth.He hath, my lord, of late made many tendersOf his affection to me.Affection! Pooh, you speak like a green girl,Unsifted in such perilous circumstance.Do you believe his “tenders,” as you call
                                them?I do not know, my lord, what I should think.Marry, I’ll teach you. Think yourself a babyThat you have ta'en these tenders for true pay,Which are not sterling. Tender yourself more dearly,Or—not to crack the wind of the poor phrase,Running it thus—you’ll tender me a
                            fool.#LBSFORGOLDIt’s locked away in my memory, and you’ve
                                got the key.Good-bye.What did he tell you, Ophelia?Something about Hamlet.A good thing he did, by God. I’ve heard
                                Hamlet’s been spending a lot of time alone with you
                                recently, and you’ve made yourself quite available to
                                him. If things are the way people tell me they are—and
                                they’re only telling me this to warn me—then I
                                have to say, you’re not conducting yourself with the
                                self-restraint a daughter of mine should show. What’s
                                going on between you two? Tell me the truth.He’s offered me a lot of affection lately.“Affection!” That’s nothing!
                                You’re talking like some innocent girl who
                                doesn’t understand the ways of the world. Do you believe
                                his “offers,” as you call them?I don’t know what to believe, father.Then I’ll tell you. Believe that you are a foolish
                                little baby for believing these “offers” are
                                something real. Offer yourself more respect, or—not to
                                beat this word to death—you’ll offer me the
                                chance to be a laughing-stock.