My lord, he hath importuned me with loveIn honorable fashion.Ay, “fashion” you may call it. Go to, go
                            to.And hath given countenance to his speech, my lord,With almost all the holy vows of heaven.Ay, springes to catch woodcocks. I do know,When the blood burns, how prodigal the soulLends the tongue vows. These blazes, daughter,Giving more light than heat, extinct in bothEven in their promise as it is a-making,You must not take for fire. From this timeBe somewhat scanter of your maiden presence.Set your entreatments at a higher rateThan a command to parley. For Lord Hamlet,Believe so much in him that he is young,And with a larger tether may he walkThan may be given you. In few, Ophelia,Do not believe his vows, for they are brokersNot of that dye which their investments show,But mere implorators of unholy suits,Breathing like sanctified and pious bawds,The better to beguile. This is for all:I would not, in plain terms, from this time forth,Have you so slander any moment leisure,As to give words or talk with the Lord Hamlet.Look to ’t, I charge you. Come your ways.I shall obey, my lord.#LBSFORGOLDFather, he’s always talked about love in an honorable
                                fashion—Yes, “fashion” is just the word—a
                                passing whim. Go on.And he’s made the holiest vows to me, to back up what
                                he says.These vows are just traps for stupid birds. I know when a man is
                                on fire, he’ll swear anything. But when a
                                heart’s on fire, it gives out more light than heat, and
                                the fire will be out even before he’s done making his
                                promises. Don’t mistake that for true love. From now on,
                                spend a little less time with him and talk to him less. Make
                                yourself a precious commodity. Remember that Hamlet is young and has
                                a lot more freedom to fool around than you do. In short, Ophelia,
                                don’t believe his love vows, since they’re
                                like flashy pimps who wear nice clothes to lead a woman into filthy
                                acts. To put it plainly, don’t waste your time with
                                Hamlet. Do as I say.Now come along.I’ll do as you say, father.