They clepe us drunkards and with swinish phraseSoil our addition. And indeed it takesFrom our achievements, though performed at height,The pith and marrow of our attribute.So oft it chances in particular menThat for some vicious mole of nature in them—As in their birth (wherein they are not guilty,Since nature cannot choose his origin),By the o'ergrowth of some complexion,Oft breaking down the pales and forts of reason,Or by some habit that too much o'erleavensThe form of plausive manners—that these men,Carrying, I say, the stamp of one defect,Being nature’s livery or fortune’s star,Their virtues else (be they as pure as grace,As infinite as man may undergo)Shall in the general censure take corruptionFrom that particular fault. The dram of evilDoth all the noble substance of a doubtTo his own scandal.Look, my lord, it comes!Angels and ministers of grace defend us!Be thou a spirit of health or goblin damned,Bring with thee airs from heaven or blasts from hell,Be thy intents wicked or charitable,Thou comest in such a questionable shapeThat I will speak to thee. I’ll call thee
                                “Hamlet,”“King,” “Father,”
                                “royal Dane.” O, answer me!Let me not burst in ignorance, but tellWhy thy canonized bones, hearsed in death,Have burst their cerements; why the sepulcher,#LBSFORGOLDThey call us drunks and insult our noble titles. And our
                                drunkenness does detract from our achievements, as great as they
                                are, and lessens our reputations. It’s just like what
                                happens to certain people who have some birth defect (which they are
                                not responsible for, since nobody chooses how he’s born),
                                or some weird habit or compulsion that changes them completely. It
                                happens sometimes that one little defect in these people, as
                                wonderful and talented as they may be, will make them look
                                completely bad to other people. A tiny spot of evil casts doubt on
                                their good qualities and ruins their reputations.Look, sir—here it comes!Oh angels, protect us! Whether you’re a good spirit or
                                a cursed demon, whether you bring heavenly breezes or blasts of hell
                                fire, whether your intentions are good or evil, you look so strange
                                I want to talk to you. I’ll call you “Hamlet
                                Senior,” “King,”
                                “Father,” “royal Dane.”
                                Answer me! Don’t drive me crazy with curiosity, but tell
                                me why your church-buried bones have burst out of their coffin, and
                                why your tomb,