Wherein we saw thee quietly interred,Hath oped his ponderous and marble jawsTo cast thee up again. What may this mean,That thou, dead corse, again in complete steelRevisits thus the glimpses of the moon,Making night hideous and we fools of nature,So horridly to shake our dispositionWith thoughts beyond the reaches of our souls?Say why is this? Wherefore? What should we do?It beckons you to go away with it,As if it some impartment did desireTo you alone.  Look, with what courteous actionIt waves you to a more removèd ground.But do not go with it.   No, by no means.It will not speak. Then I will follow it.Do not, my lord.  Why, what should be the fear?I do not set my life in a pin’s fee,And for my soul—what can it do to that,Being a thing immortal as itself?It waves me forth again. I’ll follow it.What if it tempt you toward the flood, my lord,Or to the dreadful summit of the cliffThat beetles o'er his base into the sea,#LBSFORGOLDwhere we quietly buried you, has opened up its heavy marble jaws
                                to spit you out again. What could it mean that you have put on your
                                armor again, you corpse, and have come back to look at the moon,
                                making the night terrifying and stirring us humans with supernatural
                                fears? Why? What do you want from us? What should we do?It wants you to go off with it, as if it wants to tell you
                                something alone.Look how politely it’s pointing you to a place
                                that’s farther away. But don’t go.Definitely not.It’s not going to speak, so I’ll follow
                            it.Don’t do it, sir.Why, what’s the danger? I don’t value my
                                life one bit. And as for my soul, how can the ghost endanger that,
                                since it’s as immortal as the ghost is? Look,
                                it’s waving me over again. I’ll follow
                            it.What if it tempts you to jump into the sea, sir? Or to the
                                terrifying cliff that overhangs the water,