Unhouseled, disappointed, unaneled.No reckoning made, but sent to my accountWith all my imperfections on my head.Oh, horrible, oh, horrible, most horrible!If thou hast nature in thee, bear it not.Let not the royal bed of Denmark beA couch for luxury and damnèd incest.But howsoever thou pursuest this act,Taint not thy mind, nor let thy soul contriveAgainst thy mother aught. Leave her to heavenAnd to those thorns that in her bosom lodgeTo prick and sting her. Fare thee well at once.The glowworm shows the matin to be near,And 'gins to pale his uneffectual fire.Adieu, adieu, adieu. Remember me.O all you host of heaven! O earth! What else?And shall I couple hell? Oh, fie! Hold, hold, my heart,And you, my sinews, grow not instant old,But bear me stiffly up. Remember thee!Ay, thou poor ghost, whiles memory holds a seatIn this distracted globe. Remember thee!Yea, from the table of my memoryI’ll wipe away all trivial fond records,All saws of books, all forms, all pressures pastThat youth and observation copied there,And thy commandment all alone shall liveWithin the book and volume of my brain,Unmixed with baser matter. Yes, by heaven!O most pernicious woman!O villain, villain, smiling, damnèd villain!My tables!—Meet it is I set it downThat one may smile, and smile, and be a villain.At least I’m sure it may be so in Denmark.
                                (writes)
So, uncle, there you are. Now to my word.#LBSFORGOLDI had no chance to repent my sins or receive last rites. Oh,
                                it’s horrible, horrible, so horrible! If you are human,
                                don’t stand for it. Don’t let the Danish
                                king’s bed be a nest of incest. But however you go about
                                your revenge, don’t corrupt your mind or do any harm to
                                your mother. Leave her to God and her own guilt. Now, good-bye. The
                                glowworm’s light is beginning to fade, so morning is
                                near. Good-bye, good-bye, good-bye. Remember me.Ah, all you up in heaven! And earth! What else? Shall I include
                                hell as well? Damn it! Keep beating, my heart, and muscles,
                                don’t grow old yet—keep me standing. Remember
                                you! Yes, you poor ghost, as long as I have any power of memory in
                                this distracted head. Remember you! Yes, I’ll wipe my
                                mind clean of all trivial facts and memories and preserve only your
                                commandment there. Yes, by God! Oh, you evil woman! Oh, you villain,
                                villain, you damned, smiling villain! Where’s my
                                notebook?—It’s a good idea for me to write
                                down that one can smile and smile, and be a villain. At least
                                it’s possible in Denmark.
                                (he
                                    writes)
                                So, uncle, there you are. Now it’s time to deal with the
                                vow I made to my father.