There’s ne'er a villain dwelling in all
                                DenmarkBut he’s an arrant knave.There needs no ghost, my lord, come from the graveTo tell us this.  Why, right, you are in the right.And so, without more circumstance at all,I hold it fit that we shake hands and part.You, as your business and desire shall point you—For every man has business and desire,Such as it is—and for my own poor part,Look you, I’ll go pray.These are but wild and whirling words, my lord.I’m sorry they offend you, heartily.Yes faith, heartily.  There’s no offense, my
                            lord.Yes, by Saint Patrick, but there is, Horatio,And much offense too. Touching this vision here,It is an honest ghost, that let me tell you.For your desire to know what is between us,O'ermaster ’t as you may. And now, good
                                friends,As you are friends, scholars and soldiers,Give me one poor request.    What is
                                ’t, my lord? We will.Never make known what you have seen tonight.My lord, we will not.#LBSFORGOLDAny villain in Denmark is going to be, well, a villain.You don’t need a ghost returning from the grave to tell
                                you that, sir.Yes, you’re absolutely right. So, without further ado,
                                the best thing to do now is probably just to shake hands and go our
                                separate ways. You go and take care of your business (since
                                everybody has some business to take care of, whatever it is worth),
                                and I’ll go and pray.You’re talking in such a crazy way, sir.I’m sorry if I offended you; yes, very sorry.Oh, don’t worry about it, sir. No offense taken.Ah, but there is, Horatio, there’s a lot of offense. As
                                for this ghost we just saw, he’s a real one, I can tell
                                you that much. But regarding what happened between us,
                                don’t ask—I can’t tell you. And
                                now, my friends, my courageous and educated friends, do me one small
                                favor.What is it, sir? Of course we will.Don’t ever tell anyone what you’ve seen
                                tonight.We won’t, sir.