    Nay, but swear
                                ’t.In faith, my lord, not I.    Nor I, my lord, in
                                faith.Upon my sword.  We have sworn, my lord, already.Indeed, upon my sword, indeed.
(cries under the stage)
                            Swear!Ha, ha, boy! Sayst thou so? Art thou there, truepenny?Come on, you hear this fellow in the cellarage.Consent to swear.Propose the oath, my lord.Never to speak of this that you have seen.Swear by my sword. (beneath) Swear.
Hic et ubique? Then
                                we’ll shift our ground.Come hither, gentlemen,And lay your hands again upon my sword.Swear by my swordNever to speak of this that you have heard.
(beneath) Swear by his
                            sword.Well said, old mole! Canst work i' th' earth
                                so fast?A worthy pioneer! Once more remove, good friends.#LBSFORGOLDNo, you have to swear it.I swear to God I won’t.Me too, I won’t, I swear to God.Swear by my sword.But we already swore, sir.Yes, but swear by my sword this time.
(calls out from under the stage)
                                Swear!Ha ha, is that what you say, kid? Are you down there, my
                                man?—Come on, you hear this guy down in the basement.
                                Agree to swear.Tell us what to swear, sir.You swear never to mention what you’ve seen. Swear by
                                my sword.
(from under the stage)
                            Swear.You’re everywhere, aren’t you? Maybe we
                                should move. Come over here, gentlemen, and put your hands on my
                                sword again. Swear by my sword you’ll never mention what
                                you’ve heard.
(from under the stage) Swear by his
                                sword.You said it right, old mole. You’re pretty busy down
                                there in the dirt, aren’t you? What a tunneler!
                                Let’s move again, my friends.