O day and night, but this is wondrous strange!And therefore as a stranger give it welcome.There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio,Than are dreamt of in your philosophy. But come,Here, as before, never, so help you mercy,How strange or odd soe'er I bear myself(As I perchance hereafter shall think meetTo put an antic disposition on),That you, at such times seeing me, never shall—With arms encumbered thus, or this headshake,Or by pronouncing of some doubtful phrase,As “Well, well, we know,” or “We
                                could an if we would,”Or “If we list to speak,” or
                                “There be an if they might,”Or such ambiguous giving out—to noteThat you know aught of me. This not to do,So grace and mercy at your most need help you,Swear.
(beneath) Swear!Rest, rest, perturbèd spirit!—So, gentlemen,With all my love I do commend me to you,And what so poor a man as Hamlet isMay do, to express his love and friending to you,God willing, shall not lack. Let us go in together,And still your fingers on your lips, I pray.The time is out of joint. O cursèd spite,That ever I was born to set it right!Nay, come, let’s go together.#LBSFORGOLDMy God, this is unbelievably strange.Then give it a nice welcome, as you would give to any stranger.
                                There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than
                                you’ve even dreamed of. But now listen to me. No matter
                                how strangely I act (since I may find it appropriate to act a little
                                crazy in the near future), you must never, ever let
                                on—with a gesture of your hands or a certain expression
                                on your face—that you know anything about what happened
                                to me here tonight. You must never say anything like,
                                “Ah, yes, just as we suspected,” or
                                “We could tell you a thing or two about him,”
                                or anything like that. Swear you won’t.
(from under the stage)
                            Swear.Okay, then, unhappy ghost, you can rest now. So, gentlemen, I
                                thank you heartily and with all my love, and I’ll repay
                                you however I can some day. Let’s go back to court
                                together, but shhh, please. No
                                talking about this. There is so much out of whack in these times.
                                And damn the fact that I’m supposed to fix it! Come on,
                                let’s go.