Give him this money and these notes, Reynaldo.I will, my lord.You shall do marvelous wisely, good Reynaldo,Before you visit him, to make inquireOf his behavior.    My lord, I did
                                intend it.Marry, well said, very well said. Look you, sir,Inquire me first what Danskers are in Paris,And how, and who, what means, and where they keepWhat company at what expense; and findingBy this encompassment and drift of questionThat they do know my son, come you more nearerThan your particular demands will touch it.Take you, as ’twere, some distant knowledge of him,As thus: “I know his father and his friends,And, in part, him.” Do you mark this, Reynaldo?Ay, very well, my lord.“And in part him, but,” you may say,
                                “not well.But, if ’t be he I mean, he’s very wild.Addicted so and so.—” And there put on himWhat forgeries you please. Marry, none so rankAs may dishonor him. Take heed of that.But, sir, such wanton, wild, and usual slips#LBSFORGOLDGive him this money and these letters, Reynaldo.I will, sir.It would be wonderfully wise of you, my dear Reynaldo, to ask
                                around about his behavior a little before you visit him.That’s what I thought too, sir.Excellent, very good. Ask around and find out what Danish people
                                are in Paris—who they are, where they live and how much
                                money they have, who their friends are. And if you find out in this
                                general sort of questioning that they happen to know my son,
                                you’ll find out much more than if you asked specific
                                questions about him. Just tell them you vaguely know Laertes, say
                                something like, “I’m a friend of his father
                                and I sort of know him,” or whatever. Do you get what
                                I’m saying, Reynaldo?Yes, very well, sir.You should say, “I sort of know him, but not well. Is
                                it the same Laertes who’s a wild party animal?
                                Isn’t he the one who’s always,” and
                                so on. Then just make up whatever you want—of course,
                                nothing so bad that it would shame him. I mean make up any stories
                                that