As are companions noted and most knownTo youth and liberty.  As gaming, my lord?Ay, or drinking, fencing, swearing,Quarreling, drabbing—you may go so far.My lord, that would dishonor him!'Faith, no, as you may season it in the charge.You must not put another scandal on himThat he is open to incontinency.That’s not my meaning. But breathe his faults so
                                quaintlyThat they may seem the taints of liberty,The flash and outbreak of a fiery mind,A savageness in unreclaimèd blood,Of general assault.  But, my good lord—Wherefore should you do this?Ay, my lord. I would know that.Marry, sir, here’s my drift:(And I believe it is a fetch of wit)You, laying these slight sullies on my sonAs ’twere a thing a little soiled i'
                                th' working—Mark you, your party in converse, him you would sound,Having ever seen in the prenominate crimesThe youth you breathe of guilty, be assuredHe closes with you in this consequence:“Good sir” or so, or
                                “Friend,” or
                                “Gentleman,”According to the phrase or the additionOf man and country.#LBSFORGOLDsound like your average young guy, the kind of trouble they get
                                into.Like gambling, sir?That’s right, or drinking, swearing, fist-fighting,
                                visiting prostitutes—that kind of thing.But that would ruin his reputation!Oh no, not if you say it right. I don’t want you to say
                                he’s a sex fiend, that’s not what I mean. Just
                                mention his faults lightly, so they make him seem like a free spirit
                                who’s gone a little too far.But, sir—Why should you do this, you want to know?Yes, sir. I’d like to know.Well, here’s what I’m thinking.
                                (I’m quite proud of myself for coming up with this.) As
                                you talk with someone and hint about my son’s faults and
                                little sins, you’ll watch his reaction, and if
                                he’s ever seen Laertes do any of these things, it will
                                only be natural for him to agree with you, at which point
                                he’ll call you “sir,” or
                                “my good friend,” depending on who the person
                                is, where he comes from, and so on.