  Very good, my lord.And then, sir, does he this, he does— What was I about
                                to say? By the mass, I was about to say something. Where did I leave?At “closes in the consequence,” at
                                “‘friend,’Or so” and
                                “‘gentleman.’”At “closes in the consequence.” Ay, marry.He closes thus: “I know the gentleman.I saw him yesterday”—or
                                “t' other day,”Or then, or then, with such or such—“and, as
                                you say,There was he gaming, there o'ertook in’s
                                rouse,There falling out at tennis,” or, perchance,“I saw him enter such a house of
                                sale”—
Videlicet a brothel, or so forth.
                                See you now,Your bait of falsehood takes this carp of truth.And thus do we of wisdom and of reach,With windlasses and with assays of bias,By indirections find directions out.So by my former lecture and adviceShall you my son. You have me, have you not?My lord, I have.  God be wi' you. Fare you
                            well.Good my lord.Observe his inclination in yourself.I shall, my lord.#LBSFORGOLDYes, sir.And then he’ll … he’ll
                                … wait, what was I about to say? Good God, I was about to
                                say something. What was I saying?At, “It will be natural for him to agree with you
                                … he’ll call you ‘sir,’
                                ‘friend,’” et cetera.“It will be natural for him to agree with
                                you.” Ah, yes, that’s right. If he agrees
                                he’ll say something like this: “Yes, I know
                                the gentleman you’re referring to. I just saw him
                                yesterday,” or “the other day,” or
                                whenever it is, you know, “and there he was
                                gambling,” or “there he was, totally wasted,
                                or fighting with somebody about a tennis match, or going into a
                                house of ill repute”—that means a whorehouse,
                                you know—or whatever. Make sure your little lie brings
                                out the truth. We’re doing this wisely and intelligently,
                                indirectly, finding out things by roundabout means.
                                That’s how you’ll find out what my son is up
                                to in Paris. You get my point, don’t you?Yes, I do, sir.God bless you. Have a safe trip.Thank you, sir.Don’t forget to see what he’s up to with
                                your own eyes. Don’t trust gossip.I will, sir.