Gives him three thousand crowns in annual feeAnd his commission to employ those soldiers,So levied as before, against the Polack,With an entreaty, herein further shown,That it might please you to give quiet passThrough your dominions for this enterprise,On such regards of safety and allowanceAs therein are set down. (gives
                                CLAUDIUS a document
    It likes us well,And at our more considered time we’ll read,Answer, and think upon this business.Meantime we thank you for your well-took labor.Go to your rest. At night we’ll feast together.Most welcome home!This business is well ended.My liege and madam, to expostulateWhat majesty should be, what duty is,Why day is day, night night, and time is time,Were nothing but to waste night, day, and time.Therefore, since brevity is the soul of witAnd tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes,I will be brief: your noble son is mad.Mad call I it, for, to define true madness,What is ’t but to be nothing else but mad?But let that go.More matter, with less art.Madam, I swear I use no art at all.That he is mad, ’tis true. Tis true, ’tis
                                pity,And pity ’tis ’tis true—a foolish
                                figure,But farewell it, for I will use no art.Mad let us grant him then. And now remains#LBSFORGOLDThe old king was so overjoyed by this promise that he gave young
                                Fortinbras an annual income of three thousand crownsA crown is a kind of gold coin.crowns and permission to lead his soldiers into Poland, asking you
                                officially in this letter to allow his troops to pass through your
                                kingdom on their way to Poland. He’s assuring you of your
                                safety. (he gives CLAUDIUS
                                a document
I like this news, and when I have time I’ll read this
                                and think about how to reply. Meanwhile, thank you for your efforts.
                                Go relax now. Tonight we’ll have dinner. Welcome
                            back!Well, that turned out well in the end. Sir and madam, to make
                                grand speeches about what majesty is, what service is, or why day is
                                day, night is night, and time is time is just a waste of a lot of
                                day, night, and time. Therefore, since the essence of wisdom is not
                                talking too much, I’ll get right to the point here. Your
                                son is crazy. “Crazy” I’m calling
                                it, since how can you say what craziness is except to say that
                                it’s craziness? But that’s another
                            story.Please, stick to the point.Madam, I’m doing nothing but sticking to the point.
                                It’s true he’s crazy, and it’s a
                                shame it’s true, and it’s truly a shame
                                he’s crazy—but now I sound foolish, so
                                I’ll get right to the point.