That we find out the cause of this effect,Or rather say, the cause of this defect,For this effect defective comes by cause.Thus it remains, and the remainder thus. Perpend.I have a daughter—have while she is mine—Who in her duty and obedience, mark,Hath given me this. Now gather and surmise.
(reads a letter) “To the
                                celestial and my soul’s idol, the most beautified
                                Ophelia”—That’s
                                an ill phrase, a vile phrase. “Beautified” is
                                a vile phrase. But you shall hear. Thus:
                                (reads the
                                letter)“In
                                her excellent white bosom, these,”
                            etc.—Came this from Hamlet to her?Good madam, stay a while. I will be faithful.
(reads the letter)
  “Doubt
                                    thou the stars are fire,  Doubt that the sun
                                    doth move,  Doubt truth to be a
                                    liar,  But never doubt I
                                    love. O dear Ophelia, I am ill at these numbers. I have not
                                art to reckon my groans, but that I love thee best, oh, most best,
                                believe it. Adieu.  Thine evermore,
                                    most dear lady,  whilst this machine
                                    is to him,    Hamlet.”This in obedience hath my daughter shown me,And more above, hath his solicitings,As they fell out by time, by means, and place,All given to mine ear.But how hath she received his love?What do you think of me?#LBSFORGOLDNow, if we agree Hamlet’s crazy, then the next step is
                                to figure out the cause of this effect of craziness, or I suppose I
                                should say the cause of this defect, since this defective effect is
                                caused by something. This is what we must do, and that’s
                                exactly what needs to be done. Think about it. I have a daughter (I
                                have her until she gets married) who’s given me this
                                letter, considering it her duty. Listen and think about this:
                                (he reads a letter) “To
                                the heavenly idol of my soul, the most beautified
                                Ophelia”—By the way,
                                “beautified” sounds bad, it sounds awful, it
                                sounds crude, it’s a terrible use of the word. But
                                I’ll go on:
                                (he reads the
                                letter)
                                “In her excellent white bosom,” et cetera, et
                                cetera—you don’t need to hear all this
                                stuff—Hamlet wrote this letter to Ophelia?Madam, please be patient. I’ll read it to you.
(he reads the letter)
 “You may wonder if
                                    the stars are fire, You may wonder if the sun moves
                                    across the sky. You may wonder if the truth is
                                    a liar, But never wonder if I
                                love.Oh, Ophelia, I’m bad at poetry. I can’t put
                                my feelings into verse, but please believe I love you best, oh, best
                                of all. Believe it. Yours forever, my dearest
                                one,
 as long as I
                                    live—still chugging along,    Hamlet.”Dutifully and obediently my daughter showed me this letter, and
                                more like it. She’s told me all about how Hamlet has been
                                courting her—all the details of where, and what he said,
                                and when.And how did she react to all this?Sir, what is your opinion of me?