As of a man faithful and honorable.I would fain prove so. But what might you think,When I had seen this hot love on the wing—As I perceived it, I must tell you that,Before my daughter told me—what might you,Or my dear majesty your queen here, think,If I had played the desk or table-book,Or given my heart a winking, mute and dumb,Or looked upon this love with idle sight?What might you think? No, I went round to work,And my young mistress thus I did bespeak:“Lord Hamlet is a prince out of thy star.This must not be.” And then I prescripts gave her,That she should lock herself from his resort,Admit no messengers, receive no tokens.Which done, she took the fruits of my advice;And he, repelled—a short tale to make—Fell into a sadness, then into a fast,Thence to a watch, thence into a weakness,Thence to a lightness, and, by this declension,Into the madness wherein now he ravesAnd all we mourn for.
(to GERTRUDE
                                ) Do you think ’tis
                            this?    It may be, very
                                like.Hath there been such a time—I would fain know
                                that—That I have positively said, “'Tis
                                so,”When it proved otherwise?    Not that I
                            know.#LBSFORGOLDI know you are loyal and honorable.I would like to prove to you that I am. But what would you have
                                thought of me if I had kept quiet when I found out about this hot
                                little love (which I noticed even before my daughter told me about
                                it)? My dear queen, what would you have thought of me if I had
                                turned a blind eye to what was happening between Hamlet and my
                                daughter? No, I had to do something. And so I said to my daughter:
                                “Lord Hamlet is a prince, he’s out of your
                                league. You have to end this.” And then I gave her orders
                                to stay away from him, and not to accept any messages or little
                                gifts from him. She did what I said. When she rejected Hamlet, he
                                became sad, and stopped eating, stopped sleeping, got weak, got
                                dizzy, and as a result lost his mind. And that’s why
                                he’s crazy now, and all of us feel sorry for him.
(to
                                GERTRUDE) Do you think
                                that’s why Hamlet’s crazy?It may be, it certainly may be.Has there ever been a time—I’d really like
                                to know—when I’ve definitely said something
                                was true, and it turned out not to be true?Not that I know of.