It is no time to discourse, so Chrish save me. The day is hot,
and the weather, and the wars, and the king, and the dukes.
It is no time to discourse. The town is beseeched, and the
trumpet call us to the breach, and we talk and, be Chrish, do
nothing, ’tis shame for us all. So God sa' me, ’tis shame to
stand still. It is shame, by my hand. And there is throats to
be cut and works to be done, and there ish nothing done, so
Chrish sa' me, la.
By the mess, ere theise eyes of mine take themselves to
slomber, ay’ll de gud service, or I’ll lig i' th' grund for it, ay,
or go to death. And I’ll pay ’t as valorously as I may, that sall
I suerly do, that is the breff and the long. Marry, I wad full
fain heard some question ’tween you tway.
Captain Macmorris, I think, look you, under your
correction, there is not many of your nation—
Of my nation? What ish my nation? Ish a villain and a
basterd and a knave and a rascal. What ish my nation? Who
talks of my nation?
Look you, if you take the matter otherwise than is meant,
Captain Macmorris, peradventure I shall think you do not
use me with that affability as, in discretion, you ought to
use me, look you, being as good a man as yourself, both in
the disciplines of war and in the derivation of my birth and
in other particularities.
I do not know you so good a man as myself. So Chrish save
me, I will cut off your head.
Gentlemen both, you will mistake each other.#LBSFORGOLDThis is no time to have a discussion. Christ! The day is hot and between the weather and the wars and the king and the dukes, it’s no time for a discussion. The town is besieged, and the trumpet calls us to the gap, and we talk and do nothing, by Christ. It’s a disgrace to us all. God save me, it’s a disgrace, by this hand, when there are throats to be cut and work to be done, and nothing gets done, Christ save me.I swear by the mass, before I close my eyes to go to sleep, I’ll put in some good fighting, or I’ll lie in the ground dead. And I’ll kill as valiantly as I can, that’s for sure. That is the long and the short of it. But truly, I would love to hear the two of you discuss warfare.Captain Macmorris, I think, see—correct me if I’m wrong—there are not many of your nation—My nation? What is my nation? It’s a villain and a bastard and a coward and a rascal. What is my nation? Who talks of my nation?Captain Macmorris, if you take my words in some way other than how they were meant, see, I’ll have to think you’re not treating me with the good will you ought to, see, since I am as good a man as yourself, both in the practice of war and in my country of origin and in other respects.I do not know that you are as good a man as myself. So, by Christ, I’ll cut off your head.Now, now, both of you gentlemen! You go out of your way to misunderstand each other.