Certainly, aunchient, it is not a thing to rejoice at, for if,
look you, he were my brother, I would desire the duke to use
his good pleasure and put him to execution, for discipline
ought to be used.
Die and be damned, and figo for thy friendship!It is well.The fig of Spain!Very good.Why, this is an arrant counterfeit rascal. I remember him
now, a bawd, a cutpurse.
I’ll assure you, he uttered as prave words at the pridge as
you shall see in a summer’s day. But it is very well; what he
has spoke to me, that is well, I warrant you, when time is
serve.
Why, ’tis a gull, a fool, a rogue, that now and then goes to
the wars to grace himself at his return into London under
the form of a soldier. And such fellows are perfect in the
great commanders' names, and they will learn you by rote
where services were done—at such and such a sconce, at
such a breach, at such a convoy; who came off bravely, who
was shot, who disgraced, what terms the enemy stood on.
And this they con perfectly in the phrase of war, which they
#LBSFORGOLDActually, you shouldn’t be, because, see, even if he were my own brother I’d want the duke to stick to his plan and have Bardolph executed. Discipline must be kept.Then die and be damned! And I’m giving the finger to your friendship!Very well.And the Spanish fingerThe “Spanish fig” (also “figo” or “fico”) is an ob scene hand gesture.Spanish finger to you!Very good.Why, that man is a total fraud and rascal. I remember him now. A pimp, a pickpocket.At the bridge he spoke as excellently as anyone I’ve ever heard, I promise you. But that’s alright. What he just said to me—it’s alright. I assure you, when the time comes—Why, he’s a fool, an idiot, a moron, a man who now and then joins the army so as to be able to give himself airs when he gets back to London and masquerades as a soldier. Such fellows have memorized the names of famous commanders, and they can tell you—having learned such things by rote, not by experience—where this or that battle was fought, at such and such fort, at such and such wall, with such and such protective escort. And they can say who fought well, who was