Tut, I have the best armor of the world. Would it were day!You have an excellent armor, but let my horse have his due.It is the best horse of Europe.Will it never be morning?My lord of Orléans, and my Lord High Constable, you talk
of horse and armor?
You are as well provided of both as any prince in the world.What a long night is this! I will not change my horse with
any that treads but on four pasterns. Çà ha! He bounds
from the earth, as if his entrails were hairs, le cheval volant,
the Pegasus, qui a les narines de feu. When I bestride him,
I soar; I am a hawk; he trots the air. The earth sings when he
touches it. The basest horn of his hoof is more musical than
the pipe of Hermes.
He’s of the color of the nutmeg.And of the heat of the ginger. It is a beast for Perseus. He is
pure air and fire; and the dull elements of earth and water
never appear in him, but only in patient stillness while his
rider mounts him. He is indeed a horse, and all other jades
you may call beasts.
#LBSFORGOLDNonsense. I have the best armor in the world. I wish it were day!You have wonderful armor, but give my horse his due.It is the best horse in Europe.Will it never be morning?My lord of Orléans, and my lord high Constable, are you talking about horses and armor?You are as well provided in both respects as any prince in the world.What a long night this is! I will not trade my horse for any that walks on four legs. He leaps from the ground as if his insides were light as hairs. He’s a flying horse, a Pegasus, breathing fire out of his nostrils. When I sit astride him, I soar, I am a hawk. He trots on air. The earth sings when he touches it. The lowest part of his hoof is more musical than Pan’s pipe.He’s the color of nutmeg.And hot as ginger. He is an animal worthy of Perseus. He is pure air and fire. The duller elements of earth and water have no part in him, except in the moment of patient stillness when his rider mounts him. He is indeed worthy of the name “horse,” and you can call all the rest beasts.