What a wretched and peevish fellow is this king of England
to mope with his fat-brained followers so far out of his
knowledge.
If the English had any apprehension, they would run away.That they lack, for if their heads had any intellectual armor,
they could never wear such heavy head-pieces.
That island of England breeds very valiant creatures. Their
mastiffs are of unmatchable courage.
Foolish curs, that run winking into the mouth of a Russian
bear and have their heads crushed like rotten apples. You
may as well say, that’s a valiant flea that dare eat his
breakfast on the lip of a lion.
Just, just; and the men do sympathize with the mastiffs in
robustious and rough coming on, leaving their wits with
their wives. And then give them great meals of beef and
iron and steel, they will eat like wolves and fight like devils.
Ay, but these English are shrewdly out of beef.Then shall we find tomorrow they have only stomachs to
eat and none to fight. Now is it time to arm. Come, shall we
about it?
It is now two o'clock. But, let me see, by tenWe shall have each a hundred Englishmen.#LBSFORGOLDWhat a miserable and obstinate fellow this king of England is, to blunder with his fat-headed followers so far beyond his capacity.If the English had any sense, they would run away.Well, obviously they don’t. If there were anything inside their heads, they could never wear such heavy helmets.That island of England breeds very valiant creatures. Their hounds are unequaled in courage.Foolish dogs, blindly running straight toward a Russian bear only to have their heads crushed like rotten apples. You might just as well say, “That’s a valiant flea that dares to eat its breakfast on the lip of a lion.”Yes, exactly. And the men resemble their English hounds in their loud, showy ferocity, too, leaving their brains behind with their wives. Give them hefty meals of beef and iron and steel, and they will eat like wolves and fight like devils.Yes, but these English are seriously short of beef.Then tomorrow we’ll find that they feel only like eating, not like fighting. It’s time to put our armor on. Shall we get started?It’s two o'clock now. But let me see, by ten we shall each have captured a hundred Englishmen.