Gloucester, ’tis true that we are in great danger.The greater therefore should our courage be.—Good morrow, brother Bedford. God almighty,There is some soul of goodness in things evil,Would men observingly distill it out.For our bad neighbor makes us early stirrers,Which is both healthful and good husbandry.Besides, they are our outward consciencesAnd preachers to us all, admonishingThat we should dress us fairly for our end.Thus may we gather honey from the weedAnd make a moral of the devil himself.Good morrow, old Sir Thomas Erpingham.A good soft pillow for that good white headWere better than a churlish turf of France.Not so, my liege, this lodging likes me better,Since I may say, “Now lie I like a king.”'Tis good for men to love their present painsUpon example. So the spirit is eased.And when the mind is quickened, out of doubt,The organs, though defunct and dead before,Break up their drowsy grave and newly move,With casted slough and fresh legerity.Lend me thy cloak, Sir Thomas. Brothers both,Commend me to the princes in our camp,Do my good morrow to them, and anonDesire them all to my pavilion.#LBSFORGOLDGloucester, it’s true that we are in great danger. But our courage should only be the greater for that. Good morning, brother Bedford. God Almighty, there must be some essential goodness even in evil, if men would only look for it. In our case, our bad neighbors over their make us early risers, a healthy and sensible thing to be. Besides, they act as outward consciences and preachers to us all, a visible reminder that we should prepare ourselves for death. Think like that, and you’ll manage to get honey out of a common weed and find a moral lesson in the devil himself.Good morning, old Sir Thomas Erpingham! A nice, soft pillow would be a more suitable place to lay that good white head than France’s hard, cold ground.Not at all, my liege. I prefer these quarters, since they allow me to say, “Now I live like a king.”It’s good for men to be given an example of how to take pleasure in discomfort. It eases the spirit. And when the mind is engaged, the rest of the body, dead and dull before, wakes up and comes to life with a new nimbleness and sensitivity, like a snake shedding its dead skin. Lend me your cloak, Sir Thomas. Brothers, give my regards to the princes in our camp. Say good day to them from me and ask them to come to my tent.