Brother John Bates, is not that the morning which breaks
yonder?
I think it be, but we have no great cause to desire the
approach of day.
We see yonder the beginning of the day, but I think we shall
never see the end of it.—Who goes there?
A friend.Under what captain serve you?Under Sir Thomas Erpingham.A good old commander and a most kind gentleman. I pray
you, what thinks he of our estate?
Even as men wracked upon a sand, that look to be washed
off the next tide.
He hath not told his thought to the king?No. Nor it is not meet he should, for, though I speak it to
you, I think the king is but a man as I am. The violet smells
to him as it doth to me. The element shows to him as it doth
to me. All his senses have but human conditions. His
ceremonies laid by, in his nakedness he appears but a man,
and though his affections are higher mounted than ours, yet
when they stoop, they stoop with the like wing. Therefore,
when he sees reason of fears as we do, his fears, out of doubt,
be of the same relish as ours are. Yet, in reason, no man
should possess him with any appearance of fear, lest he, by
showing it, should dishearten his army.
#LBSFORGOLDBrother John Bates, isn’t that dawn breaking over there?I think it is. But we have no great reason to long for day.That’s the beginning of the day we see, but I don’t think we’ll see the end of it.—Who goes there?A friend.What captain do you serve?Sir Thomas Erpingham.A veteran commander and a very kind gentleman. Tell me, what does he think of our situation?We’re men beached on the sand, hoping to be washed out by the next tide.He hasn’t told this to the king, has he?No, nor would it be right for him to. Though it’s not my place to say so, I think the king is, after all, only a man, the same as me. The violet smells to him the same as it does to me. The sky appears to him much as it does to me, and all his senses are those of a mortal man. Without his fine clothes, the king appears just like any other naked man. And though his feelings may be pitched higher than ours, when they plummet, they plummet that much farther. Therefore, when he has reason to fear, as we do, his fears are without question of the same order. Still, it stands to reason that he mustn’t betray his fear, as it might dishearten his army.