Oh, that we now had hereBut one ten thousand of those men in EnglandThat do no work today.What’s he that wishes so?My cousin Westmoreland? No, my fair cousin.If we are marked to die, we are enoughTo do our country loss; and if to live,The fewer men, the greater share of honor.God’s will, I pray thee wish not one man more.By Jove, I am not covetous for goldNor care I who doth feed upon my cost;It yearns me not if men my garments wear;Such outward things dwell not in my desires.But if it be a sin to covet honor,I am the most offending soul alive.No, faith, my coz, wish not a man from England.God’s peace, I would not lose so great an honorAs one man more, methinks, would share from me,For the best hope I have. Oh, do not wish one more!Rather proclaim it, Westmoreland, through my host,That he which hath no stomach to this fight,Let him depart. His passport shall be made,And crowns for convoy put into his purse.We would not die in that man’s companyThat fears his fellowship to die with us.This day is called the feast of Crispian.He that outlives this day and comes safe home,Will stand o' tiptoe when the day is namedAnd rouse him at the name of Crispian.He that shall see this day, and live old age,Will yearly on the vigil feast his neighborsAnd say, “Tomorrow is Saint Crispian.”Then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars,And say, “These wounds I had on Crispin’s day.”#LBSFORGOLDOh, if only we had with us here ten thousand of those men back home in England who aren’t working today.Who wishes that? My cousin Westmoreland? No, my dear cousin. If we are slated to die, the fewer, the better for our country, and if we’re slated to live, the fewer men, the greater the share of honor for each of us. In God’s name, I beg you not to wish for one more man. By God, I am not selfish when it comes to money: I don’t care who eats at my expense. It doesn’t bother me when people borrow my clothing—I don’t care about these concrete things. But if it is a sin to be selfish about honor, I am the most guilty soul alive. No, my cousin, don’t wish that even one man who is now in England were here instead. By God, I wouldn’t lose as much honor as a single man more would cost me, I think—not even if it meant giving up my best hope for victory. Oh, do not wish one more! Instead, make this known throughout the army: whoever has no spirit for this fight, let him depart. He will be given safe conduct and money for his passage home. We would not want to die in the company of a man who fears to die with us. This day is called the Feast of Saint Crispian: he who lives to see this day out and comes home safe will stand tall when this day is named and raise himself up at the mention of Crispian. He who survives this day and lives to see old age shall yearly entertain his neighbors on the eve, saying, “Tomorrow is Saint Crispin’s DayThere are actually two different saints honored on this day—Crispin and Crispian. Henry switches back and forth between them in his speech.Saint Crispin’s Day.” He’ll roll up his sleeve and show his scars, saying, “I got these wounds on St. Crispin’s Day.” Old men forget. But these men will remember every detail of what they did today long after they’ve forgotten everything else. And as the wine flows, our names, familiar as household words, will be invoked again: Harry the King, Bedford and Exeter, Warwick and Talbot, Salisbury and Gloucester. Good men will tell their sons this story and the Feast of St. Crispin will never