
Ô, je vous supplie, pour l'amour de Dieu, me pardoner. Je suis gentilhomme de bonne maison. Gardez ma vie, et je vous donnerai deux cents écus
What are his words?He prays you to save his life. He is a gentleman of a good
house, and for his ransom he will give you two hundred
crowns.
Tell him my fury shall abate, and I the crowns will take.
Petit monsieur, que dit-il?

Encore qu'il est contre son jurement de pardoner aucun
									prisonnier; néanmoins, pour les écus que vous lui avez promis,
									il est content à vous donner la liberté, le franchisement.

Sur mes genoux je vous donne mille remercîments, et je
									m'estime heureux que j'ai tombé entre les mains d'un
									chevalier, je pense, le plus brave, vaillant, et très distingué
									seigneur d'Angleterre.
Expound unto me, boy.He gives you upon his knees a thousand thanks, and he
esteems himself happy that he hath fall'n into the hands of
one, as he thinks, the most brave, valorous, and thrice-
worthy seigneur of England.
As I suck blood, I will some mercy show. Follow me.#LBSFORGOLD
(speaking in French) Oh, I beseech you, for the love of God, spare me! I am a gentleman of good family: spare me and I will give you two hundred écus.What does he say?He begs you to spare his life. He is a gentleman of a good family, and for his ransom, he will give you two hundred crowns.Tell him my fury will abate, and I’ll take the crowns.
(speaking in French) Young sir, what does he say?
(speaking in French) Once again, that it would be breaking his oath to pardon any prisoner. Nevertheless, for the crowns that you’ve promised him, he is willing to give you freedom, liberty.
(speaking in French) On my knees I thank you again and again. And I consider myself fortunate to have fallen into the hands of a knight—to my mind, the noblest, most valiant, and most distinguished gentleman of England.Explain, boy.He thanks you on his knees many times and considers himself fortunate to have fallen into the hands of one, as he thinks, who is the bravest, most valorous, and thrice-worthy gentleman of England.As I get to leech him, I will show some mercy. Follow me.