Kill the poys and the luggage! 'Tis expressly against the law
of arms. 'Tis as arrant a piece of knavery, mark you now, as
can be offert, in your conscience now, is it not?
'Tis certain there’s not a boy left alive, and the cowardly
rascals that ran from the battle ha' done this slaughter.
Besides, they have burned and carried away all that was in
the king’s tent, wherefore the king, most worthily, hath
caused every soldier to cut his prisoner’s throat. Oh, ’tis a
gallant king!
Ay, he was porn at Monmouth, Captain Gower. What call
you the town’s name where Alexander the Pig was born?
Alexander the Great.Why, I pray you, is not “pig” great? The pig, or the great,
or the mighty, or the huge, or the magnanimous are all one
reckonings, save the phrase is a little variations.
I think Alexander the Great was born in Macedon. His
father was called Philip of Macedon, as I take it.
I think it is in Macedon where Alexander is porn. I tell you,
Captain, if you look in the maps of the 'orld, I warrant you
shall find, in the comparisons between Macedon and
Monmouth, that the situations, look you, is both alike.
#LBSFORGOLDTo kill the boys with the luggage! It’s expressly against the rules of combat. It’s as complete a work of villainy as any that could be thought up. Tell me, don’t you think so?There’s certainly not a boy left alive, and it was done by the cowardly rascals who were running from the battle. On top of this, they’ve either burned or carried away everything that was in the king’s tent. So the king has quite rightly ordered that every prisoner’s throat be cut. Oh, he’s a gallant king!Yes, he was born at Monmouth, Captain Gower. What is the name of the town where Alexander the PigFluellen pronounces p for b he means “big.”Pig was born?Alexander the Great.And is “pig” not the same as “great,” may I ask? The pig or the mighty or the huge or the magnanimous—they all mean the same thing, with some variation.I think Alexander the Great was born in Macedon. His father was Philip of Macedon, as I remember.I think that Macedon is indeed where Alexander was born. I tell you, Captain, if you look at a map of the world, I’ll bet you will find, comparing Macedon and Monmouth, that the situations, see, are very similar.