There is a river in Macedon, and there is also, moreover, a
river at Monmouth. It is called Wye at Monmouth, but it is
out of my prains what is the name of the other river. But ’tis
all one; ’tis alike as my fingers is to my fingers, and there is
salmons in both. If you mark Alexander’s life well, Harry of
Monmouth’s life is come after it indifferent well, for there
is figures in all things. Alexander, God knows and you
know, in his rages and his furies and his wraths and his
cholers and his moods and his displeasures and his
indignations, and also being a little intoxicates in his
prains, did, in his ales and his angers, look you, kill his best
friend, Cleitus.
Our king is not like him in that. He never killed any of his
friends.
It is not well done, mark you now, to take the tales out of my
mouth ere it is made and finished. I speak but in the figures
and comparisons of it. As Alexander killed his friend
Cleitus, being in his ales and his cups, so also Harry
Monmouth, being in his right wits and his good judgments,
turned away the fat knight with the great-belly doublet; he
was full of jests, and gipes and knaveries, and mocks—I
have forgot his name.
Sir John Falstaff.That is he. I’ll tell you, there is good men porn atMonmouth.Here comes his Majesty.#LBSFORGOLDThere is a river in Macedon, and there is likewise a river in Monmouth. The river in Monmouth is called Wye, but the name of the other river has gone out of my head. Nevertheless, it’s all one—the two rivers are as alike as my fingers are to my fingers, and there are salmon in both. If you look closely at Alexander’s life, Harry of Monmouth’s stands up fairly well by comparison—for there are analogies in everything. Alexander, God knows and you know, in his rages and his furies and his wraths and his angers and his moods and his displeasures and his indignations, and also being a little the worse for drink, killed his best friend Cleitus in a drunken rage, see.Our king is not like him in that respect: he never killed any of his friends.It is not courteous, you know, to assume you know my meaning before I’ve finished talking. I’m speaking purely in analogies and comparisons. Just as Alexander killed his friend Cleitus when he was drinking, so Harry Monmouth, having come to his senses and acquired good judgment, turned away the fat knight in the oversized doublet: the man was full of jests and japes and pranks and mocks. I have forgotten his name.Sir John Falstaff.That’s the one. I tell you, there are good men born at Monmouth.Here comes his Majesty.