I wear it for a memorable honor,For I am Welsh, you know, good countryman.All the water in Wye cannot wash your Majesty’s Welsh
plood out of your pody, I can tell you that: God pless it and
preserve it as long as it pleases his Grace and his Majesty
too.
Thanks, good my countryman.By Jeshu, I am your Majesty’s countryman, I care not who
know it. I will confess it to all the 'orld. I need not to be
ashamed of your Majesty, praised be God, so long as your
Majesty is an honest man.
God keep me so.—Our heralds go with him.Bring me just notice of the numbers deadOn both our parts. (points to WILLIAMS)
Call yonder fellow hither.Soldier, you must come to the king.Soldier, why wear’st thou that glove in thy cap?An’t please your Majesty, ’tis the gage of one that I should
fight withal, if he be alive.
An Englishman?An ’t please your Majesty, a rascal that swaggered with me
last night, who, if alive and ever dare to challenge this glove,
I have sworn to take him a box o' th' ear, or if I can see my
glove in his cap, which he swore, as he was a soldier, he
would wear if alive, I will strike it out soundly.
#LBSFORGOLDI wear it with pride, for I am Welsh you know, good countryman.All the water in Wye cannot wash your Majesty’s Welsh blood out of your body. I can tell you that. God bless it and preserve it, as long as it pleases his Grace, and his Majesty, too!Thanks, my good countryman.By Jesus, I am your Majesty’s countryman, and I don’t care who knows it. I will confess it to all the world. I needn’t be ashamed of your Majesty, God be praised, so long as your Majesty is an honest man.God keep me so.—Heralds, go with him. Bring me an exact report of the number of dead on both sides. (pointing to WILLIAMS) Tell that fellow over there to come here.Soldier, you must come to the king.Soldier, why are you wearing that glove in your cap?If it pleases your Majesty, it is the token of a man I must fight with, if he’s still alive.An Englishman?If I may say so, your Majesty, he is a rascal who quarreled with me last night, and who, if he lives and ever dares to challenge this glove, will get a box on the ear from me. Or, if I see him wearing my glove in his cap, which he swore as a soldier he would wear if he lived, I will knock it off his head.