Here, Fluellen, wear thou this favor for me and stick it in
thy cap. (gives WILLIAMS's glove to FLUELLEN) When
Alençon and myself were down together, I plucked this
glove from his helm. If any man challenge this, he is a friend
to Alençon and an enemy to our person. If thou encounter
any such, apprehend him, an thou dost me love.
Your Grace does me as great honors as can be desired in the
hearts of his subjects. I would fain see the man that has but
two legs that shall find himself aggrieved at this glove, that
is all; but I would fain see it once, an please God of his Grace
that I might see.
Know’st thou Gower?He is my dear friend, an please you.Pray thee, go seek him, and bring him to my tent.I will fetch him.My Lord of Warwick and my brother Gloucester,Follow Fluellen closely at the heels.The glove which I have given him for a favorMay haply purchase him a box o' th' ear.It is the soldier’s. I by bargain shouldWear it myself. Follow, good cousin Warwick.#LBSFORGOLDHere, Fluellen, stick this in your cap. (gives
WILLIAMS's glove to FLUELLEN) When Alençon and I went down together, I plucked this glove from his helmet. If any man challenges it, he is a friend to Alençon and an enemy to me. If you encounter such a man, arrest him and prove your loyalty to me.Your Grace does me as great an honor as could be wished by any of his subjects. I’d like to see the man with two legs who takes offense at this glove, that’s all! Just once I’d like to see it, if it please God to grant me that.Do you know Captain Gower?He is my dear friend, your Majesty.Go find him, please, and bring him to my tent.I’ll fetch him.My Lord of Warwick and my brother Gloucester, follow Fluellen at a close distance. The glove which I have given him to wear may possibly win him a box on the ear. It belongs to the soldier I was just talking to. According to an agreement, I should wear it myself. Follow Fluellen, cousin Warwick, and if the soldier strikes him—and I would think from his forthright manner that he’ll keep his word—some mischief may arise as a result. I know Fluellen to be very conscious of his honor and quick to anger, hot as gunpowder and