How now, how now, what’s the matter?My Lord of Warwick, here is, praised be God for it, a most
contagious treason come to light, look you, as you shall
desire in a summer’s day.
Here is his Majesty.How now, what’s the matter?My liege, here is a villain and a traitor, that, look your
Grace, has struck the glove which your Majesty is take out
of the helmet of Alençon.
My liege, this was my glove; here is the fellow of it. And he
that I gave it to in change promised to wear it in his cap. I
promised to strike him if he did. I met this man with my
glove in his cap, and I have been as good as my word.
Your Majesty, hear now, saving your Majesty’s manhood,
what an arrant, rascally, beggarly, lousy knave it is. I hope
your Majesty is pear me testimony and witness, and will
avouchment that this is the glove of Alençon that your
Majesty is give me, in your conscience now.
Give me thy glove, soldier. Look, here is the fellow of it.'Twas I indeed thou promised’st to strike,And thou hast given me most bitter terms.#LBSFORGOLDNow, now! What’s all this? What’s going on?My Lord of Warwick, a most corrupt treason—God be praised for it!—has been discovered, as plain as any you’d hope to see on a summer’s day.Here is his Majesty.Well, now! What’s the matter?My liege, this man is a villain and a traitor, who—see, your Grace—has struck the glove which your Majesty took from Alençon’s helmet.My liege, this was my glove. Here is its mate, and the man I gave it to promised to wear it in his cap, and I promised to strike him if he did. I met this man with my glove in his cap, and I have been as good as my word.Your Majesty, see here—if it won’t offend your Grace—what a complete, rascally, beggarly, lousy rat this is. I hope your Majesty will, in all good conscience, bear me out and vouch for the fact that this is the glove of Alençon and that your Majesty gave it to me.Give me your glove, soldier: look, here is its mate. It was I, in fact, whom you promised to strike. And you spoke of me in the harshest terms.