An please your Majesty, let his neck answer for it, if there
is any martial law in the world.
How canst thou make me satisfaction?All offenses, my lord, come from the heart. Never came any
from mine that might offend your Majesty.
It was ourself thou didst abuse.Your Majesty came not like yourself. You appeared to me
but as a common man. Witness the night, your garments,
your lowliness. And what your Highness suffered under
that shape, I beseech you take it for your own fault and not
mine, for, had you been as I took you for, I made no offense.
Therefore, I beseech your Highness pardon me.
Here, uncle Exeter, fill this glove with crownsAnd give it to this fellow.—Keep it, fellow,And wear it for an honor in thy capTill I do challenge it.—Give him the crowns.—And, captain, you must needs be friends with him.By this day and this light, the fellow has mettle enough in
his belly.—Hold, there is twelve pence for you, and I pray
you to serve God and keep you out of prawls and prabbles
and quarrels and dissensions, and I warrant you it is the
better for you.
I will none of your money.#LBSFORGOLDIf it pleases your Majesty, let his neck pay the price, if there is any martial law in the world.How can you square things with me?All offenses come from the heart, my lord, and nothing intended to offend your Majesty ever came from mine.You abused me to my face.Your Majesty didn’t present yourself as the king. You represented yourself as just a common man. Consider the time of night, what you were wearing, and how ordinary you looked. Anything your Highness suffered in that disguise, I beg you to see it as your own fault and not mine, because if you’d been what I took you for, there would have been no offense. Therefore, I beg your Highness, pardon me.Here, uncle Exeter, fill this glove with gold coins and give it to this fellow. Keep it, my friend, and wear it as a badge of honor in your cap until I challenge it.—Give him the money.—And you, Captain, must make it up with him.By this day and this light, the fellow is certainly brave. Here, twelve pence for you. I urge you to serve God and stay out of brawls and dust-ups and quarrels and disputes. I promise it will be better for you if you do.I’ll have none of your money.