Much good do you, scald knave, heartily. Nay, pray you
throw none away. The skin is good for your broken
coxcomb. When you take occasions to see leeks hereafter, I
pray you, mock at 'em, that is all.
Good.Ay, leeks is good. Hold you, there is a groat to heal your
pate.
Me, a groat?Yes, verily, and in truth you shall take it, or I have another
leek in my pocket, which you shall eat.
I take thy groat in earnest of revenge.If I owe you anything, I will pay you in cudgels. You shall
be a woodmonger and buy nothing of me but cudgels. God
be wi' you and keep you and heal your pate.
All hell shall stir for this.Go, go. You are a counterfeit cowardly knave. Will you
mock at an ancient tradition begun upon an honorable
respect and worn as a memorable trophy of predeceased
valor, and dare not avouch in your deeds any of your words?
I have seen you gleeking and galling at this gentleman twice
or thrice. You thought because he could not speak English
in the native garb, he could not therefore handle an English
cudgel. You find it otherwise, and henceforth let a Welsh
correction teach you a good English condition. Fare you
well.
#LBSFORGOLDI sincerely hope it does you good, mangy rascal. No, don’t throw any of it away. The skin is good for your cracked head. When you see leeks in the future, I hope you keep mocking them. That’s all.Good.Yes, leeks are good. Wait, here’s a penny to heal your head.Me, a penny?Yes, and you’ll take it. If not, I have another leek in my pocket that you can eat.I’ll take this penny as a token that you’ll pay for this.If I owe you anything, I’ll pay you in clubbings. You’ll become a wood salesman and buy nothing but clubs from me. God be with you and keep you, and may he heal your head.There’ll be hell to pay for this.Go on, get out of here. You’re a lying, cowardly wretch. You mock an ancient tradition, born of reverence and worn in honor of brave men who have died, and then have the gall not to stand by your words. I’ve seen you bait and mock this man more than once. You thought because he didn’t speak English like a native he couldn’t handle an English club. You’ve learned otherwise. Let this be a Welsh lesson to you to behave with English manners in the future. Farewell.