I said so, dear Katherine; and I must not blush to affirm it.
Ô bon Dieu! Les langues des hommes sont pleines de
									tromperies.
What says she, fair one? That the tongues of men are full of
deceits?
Oui, dat de tongues of de mans is be full of deceits; dat is de
princess.
The princess is the better Englishwoman.—I' faith, Kate,
my wooing is fit for thy understanding. I am glad thou canst
speak no better English, for if thou couldst, thou wouldst
find me such a plain king that thou wouldst think I had sold
my farm to buy my crown. I know no ways to mince it in
love, but directly to say, “I love you.” Then if you urge me
farther than to say, “Do you, in faith?” I wear out my suit.
Give me your answer, i' faith, do; and so clap hands and a
bargain. How say you, lady?

Sauf votre honneur, me understand vell.Marry, if you would put me to verses or to dance for your
sake, Kate, why you undid me. For the one, I have neither
words nor measure; and for the other, I have no strength in
measure, yet a reasonable measure in strength. If I could
win a lady at leapfrog or by vaulting into my saddle with my
armor on my back, under the correction of bragging be it
spoken, I should quickly leap into a wife. Or if I might
buffet for my love or bound my horse for her favors, I could
lay on like a butcher and sit like a jackanapes, never off. But,
before God, Kate, I cannot look greenly nor gasp out my
eloquence, nor I have no cunning in protestation, only
#LBSFORGOLDI said so, dear Katherine, and I’m not ashamed to repeat it.(in French) Oh, Lord! The tongues of men are full of deceit.(to ALICE) What does she say, pretty one? That the tongues of men are full of deceits?
Oui, dat de tongues of de mans is be full of deceits: dere’s de princess for you.How very English of her. Kate, my wooing is fit for your understanding: I am
glad your English isn’t better. If it were, you would find me such an ordinary king that you would think I’d sold my farm to buy my crown. I don’t know any fancy ways of talking about love, only to say right out, “I love you.” If you press me any further than with the question, “Do you really?” my love scene is over. So give me your answer, and we’ll shake on it. Deal?With all due respect, me understand well.Really, if you were thinking of having me write poetry or dance for you, Kate, you’ve defeated me already. I have no gift for the one and no strength for the other, though I have the gift of strength. If I could win a lady by playing leapfrog or vaulting into my saddle with my armor on my back—though you may accuse me of boasting—I could easily get myself a wife. I can fight with my fists and rear my horse up without falling off him, if either of those things could win me love. But,