No, Kate? I will tell thee in French, which I am sure will
hang upon my tongue like a new-married wife about her
husband’s neck, hardly to be shook off. Je quand sur le
possession de France, et quand vous avez le possession de
moi—let me see, what then? Saint Denis be my speed!—
donc vôtre est France et vous êtes mienne. It is as easy for
me, Kate, to conquer the kingdom as to speak so much more
French. I shall never move thee in French, unless it be to
laugh at me.

Sauf votre honneur, le français que vous parlez, il est meilleur
									que l'anglais lequel je parle.
No, faith, is ’t not, Kate, but thy speaking of my tongue, and
I thine, most truly-falsely must needs be granted to be
much at one. But, Kate, dost thou understand thus much
English? Canst thou love me?
I cannot tell.Can any of your neighbors tell, Kate? I’ll ask them. Come,
I know thou lovest me; and at night, when you come into
your closet, you’ll question this gentlewoman about me,
and, I know, Kate, you will to her dispraise those parts in me
that you love with your heart. But, good Kate, mock me
mercifully, the rather, gentle princess, because I love thee
cruelly. If ever thou beest mine, Kate, as I have a saving
faith within me tells me thou shalt, I get thee with
scambling, and thou must therefore needs prove a good
soldier-breeder. Shall not thou and I, between Saint Denis
#LBSFORGOLDNo, Kate? I will tell you in French, which I am sure will hang as heavily on my tongue as a newly married wife around her husband’s neck, impossible to shake off. (in stilted French) I, when, on the possession of France, and when you have the possession of me—(in English) let me see, what then? help me, Saint Denis!—(French again) then yours is France and you are mine. (in English) It would be as easy for me to reconquer the kingdom, Kate, as it would be for me to speak that much French again. I’ll never move you in French, except to laugh at me.Your French, sir, is better than my English.No, really, it’s not, Kate. But your speaking my language, and I yours truly-falselySincerely but incorrectly.truly-falsely comes to pretty much the same thing. Can you understand this much English though, Kate? Could you love me?I cannot tell.Can any of your neighbors tell, Kate? I’ll ask them. Come, I know you love me. And at night, when you go to your bedroom, you’ll question this gentlewoman about me and, I know, Kate, you’ll criticize those qualities of mine that you secretly love. But mock me gently, dear Kate, because I love you terribly. If I ever win you, Kate, as I have an inkling I will, it won’t be without a skirmish—and that suggests you’d make a good mother of soldiers. Shall not you and I together, then, between Saint Denis and Saint George, make a boy, half French, half English, who will go to Constantinople