and Saint George, compound a boy, half French, half
English, that shall go to Constantinople and take the Turk
by the beard? Shall we not? What say’st thou, my fair flower
de luce?
I do not know dat.No, ’tis hereafter to know, but now to promise. Do but now
promise, Kate, you will endeavor for your French part of
such a boy; and for my English moiety take the word of a
king and a bachelor. How answer you, la plus belle

								Katherine du monde, mon très cher et divin déesse?
Your Majestée ave fausse French enough to deceive de most
sage demoiselle dat is en France.
Now fie upon my false French. By mine honor, in true
English, I love thee, Kate. By which honor I dare not swear
thou lovest me, yet my blood begins to flatter me that thou
dost, notwithstanding the poor and untempering effect of
my visage. Now, beshrew my father’s ambition! He was
thinking of civil wars when he got me; therefore was I
created with a stubborn outside, with an aspect of iron, that
when I come to woo ladies, I fright them. But, in faith, Kate,
the elder I wax, the better I shall appear. My comfort is that
old age, that ill layer-up of beauty, can do no more spoil
upon my face. Thou hast me, if thou hast me, at the worst,
and thou shalt wear me, if thou wear me, better and better.
And therefore tell me, most fair Katherine, will you have
me? Put off your maiden blushes, avouch the thoughts of
your heart with the looks of an empress, take me by the
hand, and say “Harry of England, I am thine,” which word
thou shalt no sooner bless mine ear withal, but I will tell
#LBSFORGOLDand grab the Turk by the beard? Shall we not? What do you say, my fair fleur-de-lys?I do not know dat.No, of course you don’t. It lies in the future, along with certainty. Now there can only be the promise. Do promise, Kate, that you’ll do your French part to bring forth such a boy; and for my English half, take the word of a king and a bachelor. What’s your answer, (speaking in French) oh loveliest of Katherines, my most precious and divine goddess?Your Majesty has false French enough to deceive de wisest lady in France.Damn my false French. I tell you truly, in true English: I love you, Kate. And though I wouldn’t dare to swear that you love me, still my blood begins to flatter me that you do, despite the ill effects of my face. Curse my father’s ambition! He was thinking of civil wars when he conceived me, and consequently my outward appearance is harsh and steely. I intimidate ladies when I come to woo them. But I promise you, Kate: the older I grow the better I’ll look. My comfort is that old age, that poor preserver of beauty, can’t make my face any worse than it already is. If you have me, you have me now at my worst; and if you have me, you’ll appreciate me better and better. Therefore tell me, fairest Katherine, will you have me? Put aside your maiden blushes and speak your true feelings with the bearing of an empress. Take me by the hand and say, “Harry of England, I am yours.” No sooner shall I hear that word than I will tell you straight out, “England is yours, Ireland is yours, France is yours, and Harry Plantagenet