thee aloud “England is thine, Ireland is thine, France is
thine, and Harry Plantagenet is thine,” who, though I
speak it before his face, if he be not fellow with the best
king, thou shalt find the best king of good fellows. Come,
your answer in broken music, for thy voice is music and thy
English broken. Therefore, queen of all, Katherine, break
thy mind to me in broken English. Wilt thou have me?
Dat is as it sall please de roi mon père.
Nay, it will please him well, Kate; it shall please him, Kate.Den it sall also content me.Upon that I kiss your hand, and I call you my queen.
Laissez, mon seigneur, laissez, laissez! Ma foi, je ne veux
									point que vous abaissiez votre grandeur en baisant la main
									d'une—Notre Seigneur!—indigne serviteur. Excusez-moi, je
									vous supplie, mon très puissant eigneur.
Then I will kiss your lips, Kate.
Les dames et demoiselles pour être baisées devant leur noces,
									il n'est pas la coutume de France.
Madam my interpreter, what says she?Dat it is not be de fashion pour les ladies of France—I
cannot tell wat is baiser en Anglish.
To kiss.#LBSFORGOLDis yours.” And, though I say so in his presence, if he’s not a friend of the best kings, you’ll find him king of the best friends. Come on, tell me in broken music—for your voice is music and your English broken. Come, Katherine Queen of All, reveal your heart to me in broken English. Will you have me?Dat is as it shall please de king my father.Oh, it will please him, Kate. It will please him very well.Den it shall also content me.With that I kiss your hand and call you my queen.(in French) No, sir! Stop, stop! Heavens, I can’t allow you to lower yourself by kissing the hand of one of your humble servants. I hope you’ll pardon me, mighty king.Then I will kiss your lips, Kate.(in French) It is not the custom for French maidens to kiss before they are married.What does she say, madam interpreter?Dat it not be de custom pour les ladies of France—I cannot tell vat is baiser en Anglish.To kiss.