Your Majesté entendre bettre que moi.
It is not a fashion for the maids in France to kiss before they
are married, would she say?

Oui, vraiment.
O Kate, nice customs curtsy to great kings. Dear Kate, you
and I cannot be confined within the weak list of a country’s
fashion. We are the makers of manners, Kate, and the
liberty that follows our places stops the mouth of all find-
faults, as I will do yours for upholding the nice fashion of
your country in denying me a kiss. Therefore, patiently and
yielding. (kissing her) You have witchcraft in your lips,
Kate. There is more eloquence in a sugar touch of them
than in the tongues of the French council, and they should
sooner persuade Harry of England than a general petition
of monarchs. Here comes your father.
God save your Majesty. My royal cousin, teach you our
princess English?
I would have her learn, my fair cousin, how perfectly I love
her, and that is good English.
Is she not apt?Our tongue is rough, coz, and my condition is not smooth,
so that, having neither the voice nor the heart of flattery
about me, I cannot so conjure up the spirit of love in her that
he will appear in his true likeness.
#LBSFORGOLDYour Majesty understand bettre den me.It is not the custom for the maids in France to kiss before they are married, is that what she says?Yes, exactly.Oh, Kate, prudish customs bow before great kings. You and I cannot be held within the confines of a country’s arbitrary customs, dear Kate. You and I, Kate, we are the makers of custom, and the freedom that goes with our position silences all who would criticize, as I will silence you for upholding the prudish custom of your country in refusing me a kiss. Therefore, willingly and yielding. (kisses her) You have witchcraft in your lips, Kate. There is more eloquence in a sweet touch of them than in the tongues of the whole French council. They would persuade Harry of England sooner than a whole assembly of monarchs. Here comes your father.God save your Majesty. My royal kinsman, are you teaching our princess English?I wanted to teach her how perfectly I love her, kinsman, and that’s good English.She picks it up quick, doesn’t she?Our language is rough, friend, and it’s not in my nature to speak smoothly. So, possessing neither a voice nor a heart for flattery, I can’t awaken the spirit of love in her so as to make him appear in his true likeness.