Pardon the frankness of my mirth if I answer you for that.
If you would conjure in her, you must make a circle; if
conjure up Love in her in his true likeness, he must appear
naked and blind. Can you blame her then, being a maid yet
rosed over with the virgin crimson of modesty, if she deny
the appearance of a naked blind boy in her naked seeing self?
It were, my lord, a hard condition for a maid to consign to.
Yet they do wink and yield, as love is blind and enforces.They are then excused, my lord, when they see not what
they do.
Then, good my lord, teach your cousin to consent winking.I will wink on her to consent, my lord, if you will teach her
to know my meaning, for maids, well summered and warm
kept, are like flies at Bartholomew-tide: blind, though they
have their eyes; and then they will endure handling, which
before would not abide looking on.
This moral ties me over to time and a hot summer. And so
I shall catch the fly, your cousin, in the latter end and she
must be blind too.
As love is, my lord, before it loves.It is so. And you may, some of you, thank love for my
blindness, who cannot see many a fair French city for one
fair French maid that stands in my way.
Yes, my lord, you see them perspectively, the cities turned
into a maid, for they are all girdled with maiden walls that
war hath never entered.
#LBSFORGOLDForgive my boldness if I take you up on your words about making magic. For love to appear in his true likeness, he would have to be as Cupid is: naked and blind. How can you blame her, a tender young maiden still given to virgin blushes, for objecting to having a blind, naked boy appear before her? It’s a lot to ask of a maiden.But virgins close their eyes and submit all the time, and blind love has his way.They’re forgiven, then, if they don’t see what they’re doing.Then teach your cousin to also be willing to close her eyes, my lord.I will signal her with a wink to consent, my lord, if you will teach her what that means. Maidens who are well fed and well taken care of are like August flies, blind though they can see. They’ll let you handle them then, though they’d scarcely let you look at them before.So you’re telling me to give it time and wait for summer. And even then, in order for me to catch the fly your cousin, she must be blind?Like love, my lord, before it learns to love.Fair enough. Some of you may, thank love for my blindness. There’s many a French town that I can’t see because one pretty French maid stands in front of me.Oh yes, my lord, you see them, but you see them metaphorically. The cities appear to you like a maiden because virgin walls, which war has never invaded, surround them.