
“Solus,” egregious dog? O viper vile,The solus in thy most marvelous face,The solus in thy teeth and in thy throatAnd in thy hateful lungs, yea, in thy maw, perdy,And, which is worse, within thy nasty mouth!I do retort the solus in thy bowels,For I can take, and Pistol’s cock is up,And flashing fire will follow.I am not Barbason; you cannot conjure me. I have an humor
to knock you indifferently well. If you grow foul with me,
Pistol, I will scour you with my rapier, as I may, in fair
terms. If you would walk off, I would prick your guts a little
in good terms, as I may, and that’s the humor of it.
O braggart vile and damnèd furious wight,The grave doth gape, and doting death is near.Therefore exhale.Hear me, hear me what I say: he that strikes the first stroke,I’ll run him up to the hilts, as I am a soldier. (draws)
An oath of mickle might, and fury shall abate.Give me thy fist, thy forefoot to me give.Thy spirits are most tall.I will cut thy throat one time or other in fair terms, that is
the humor of it.

Couple à gorge, that is the word. I defy thee again.O hound of Crete, think’st thou my spouse to get?No, to the spital go,And from the powd'ring tub of infamyFetch forth the lazar kite of Cressid’s kind,Doll Tearsheet she by name, and her espouse.#LBSFORGOLD
Solus, you unspeakable dog? You loathsome snake, I throw your solus in that weird face of yours, in your teeth and your throat and in your hateful lungs, and even worse, in your nasty mouth! Shove that solus into your bowels, because I can take you. My gun is cocked and ready to fire.I am not some fiend of hell: you can’t get rid of me with spells. I’m in a mood to beat you up pretty good. If you get nasty with me, Pistol, I’ll stab you with my sword, in fair play. If you’d like to step aside with me, I’ll give you a little prick in the guts, all in fair play, if I can, and that’s the way it is.You revolting braggart and hellish creature! Your grave is gaping open, and your death is near. So take your last breath.Listen, listen to what I say: whoever strikes first, I’ll run him through with my sword, as sure as I’m a soldier. (drawing his sword)
That’s an oath of great power, and our fury must subside. ( PISTOL and NYM sheath their swords) Give me your hand—your forefoot. You have a brave spirit.I’ll cut your throat, sooner or later—that’s just how it is.
Couple à gorge“Couple à gorge” is corrupt French for “cut the throat.”Couple à gorge is the word for what you’re trying to say. I defy you again. You dog, do you think you’ll take my wife? No, go to the hospital, into the ward where they treat venereal disease, and get yourself a leprous, diseased prostitute like Doll Tearsheet and marry her.