So may Your Highness, and yet punish, too.Sir, you show great mercy if you give him lifeAfter the taste of much correction.Alas, your too much love and care of meAre heavy orisons 'gainst this poor wretch.If little faults proceeding on distemperShall not be winked at, how shall we stretch our eyeWhen capital crimes, chewed, swallowed, and digested,Appear before us? We’ll yet enlarge that man,Though Cambridge, Scroop, and Grey, in their dear careAnd tender preservation of our person,Would have him punished. And now to our French causes.Who are the late commissioners?I one, my lord.Your Highness bade me ask for it today.So did you me, my liege.And I, my royal sovereign.Then, Richard, Earl of Cambridge, there is yours.—There yours, Lord Scroop of Masham.—And, sir knight, Grey of Northumberland, this same is yours. (gives each of them a paper)
—Read them, and know I know your worthiness.—My Lord of Westmoreland and uncle Exeter,We will aboard tonight.—Why, how now, gentlemen?What see you in those papers, that you loseSo much complexion?—Look you, how they change.Their cheeks are paper.—Why, what read you thereThat have so cowarded and chased your bloodOut of appearance?#LBSFORGOLDYour Highness could be merciful but still punish.Sir, it would be merciful to let him live after beating him severely.I’m afraid your great love and concern for me lead you to deal too harshly with this poor fellow. If minor lapses caused by drunkenness are not to be tolerated, how will we punish capital crimes that result from much planning and forethought? No, I’ll have that man released, despite the fact that Cambridge, Scroop, and Grey, in their extreme concern for my safety, would prefer that he were punished. And now, let’s turn to our business with the French. Who are the new commissioners?I am one, my lord. Your Highness told me to ask for my commission today.You told me to do the same, my liege.And me, too, my royal sovereign.In that case, there is yours, Richard Earl of Cambridge; there yours, Lord Scroop of Masham; and, sir knight, Grey of Northumberland, this one is yours. (he gives each of them a piece of paper) Read them, and trust that I recognize your true worth. My Lord of Westmoreland, and uncle Exeter, we will set sail night.—Why, what’s this, gentlemen! What’s in those papers that makes you change color?—Look how pale they’re turning! Their cheeks are like paper.—What are you reading that makes you turn white?