I arrest thee of high treason, by the name ofRichard, Earl of Cambridge.—I arrest thee of high treason, by the name ofHenry, Lord Scroop of Masham.—I arrest thee of high treason, by the name ofThomas Grey, knight, of Northumberland.Our purposes God justly hath discovered,And I repent my fault more than my death,Which I beseech Your Highness to forgive,Although my body pay the price of it.For me, the gold of France did not seduce,Although I did admit it as a motiveThe sooner to effect what I intended;But God be thankèd for prevention,Which I in sufferance heartily will rejoice,Beseeching God and you to pardon me.Never did faithful subject more rejoiceAt the discovery of most dangerous treasonThan I do at this hour joy o'er myself,Prevented from a damnèd enterprise.My fault, but not my body, pardon, sovereign.God quit you in His mercy. Hear your sentence:You have conspired against our royal person,Joined with an enemy proclaimed, and from his coffersReceived the golden earnest of our death,Wherein you would have sold your king to slaughter,His princes and his peers to servitude,His subjects to oppression and contempt,And his whole kingdom into desolation.Touching our person, seek we no revenge,But we our kingdom’s safety must so tender,Whose ruin you have sought, that to her lawsWe do deliver you. Get you therefore hence,Poor miserable wretches, to your death,The taste whereof God of His mercy giveYou patience to endure, and true repentanceOf all your dear offences.—Bear them hence.#LBSFORGOLDRichard Earl of Cambridge, I arrest you for high treason. Henry Lord Scroop of Masham, I arrest you for high treason. Thomas Grey, knight, of Northumberland, I arrest you for high treason.A just God has discovered our plot. I regret my crime more than my death, and I beg your Highness to forgive me, while punishing my body with death.For my part, I didn’t do it for the money, though I admit the money encouraged me to do what I was planning sooner. But I thank God that I failed in my scheme, and I rejoice in paying the penalty, as I beg God and you to pardon me.No faithful subject ever rejoiced more at the discovery of most dangerous treason than I now rejoice that I was thwarted in a damnable undertaking. Pardon my crime, sovereign, but not my person.May God in His mercy forgive you. This is your sentence. You have conspired against us with a proclaimed enemy and accepted his money in exchange for killing us. In doing so, you would have sold your king to slaughter, his princes and lords to slavery, his subjects to oppression and abuse, and his whole kingdom to ruin. I seek no revenge for myself, but so dearly do I hold the safety of my kingdom, which you sought to destroy, that you must be punished according to her laws. So go to your deaths, poor miserable wretches, the pain of which may merciful God give you the strength to endure. And may you truly regret your terrible crimes. Take them away.