Prithee, honey-sweet husband, let me bring thee to Staines.No; for my manly heart doth earn.—Bardolph, be blithe.—
Nym, rouse thy vaunting veins.—Boy, bristle thy courage
up. For Falstaff, he is dead, and we must earn therefore.
Would I were with him, wheresome'er he is, either in
heaven or in hell.
Nay, sure, he’s not in hell! He’s in Arthur’s bosom, if ever
man went to Arthur’s bosom. He made a finer end, and
went away an it had been any christom child. He parted
ev'n just between twelve and one, ev'n at the turning o' th'
tide; for after I saw him fumble with the sheets and play
with flowers and smile upon his finger’s end, I knew there
was but one way, for his nose was as sharp as a pen, and he
told of green fields. “How now, Sir John?” quoth I. “What,
man, be o' good cheer!” So he cried out “God, God, God!”
three or four times. Now I, to comfort him, bid him he
should not think of God. I hoped there was no need to
trouble himself with any such thoughts yet. So he bade me
lay more clothes on his feet. I put my hand into the bed and
felt them, and they were as cold as any stone. Then I felt to
his knees, and so upward and upward, and all was as cold as
any stone.
They say he cried out of sack.Ay, that he did.#LBSFORGOLDPlease, sweet husband, let me come with you as far as the town of Staines.No, because my manly heart is grieving. Bardolph, be happy.—Nym, rouse your bragging spirits.—Boy, be brave. Falstaff is dead, and we must mourn him.I wish I were with him, wherever he is—in heaven or in hell.Oh, no, he’s surely not in hell. He’s in Arthur’s bosomThe hostess means Abraham’s bosom, the proverbial resting place of good Christians, but has King Arthur on the brain.Arthur’s bosom, if any man ever went to Arthur’s bosom. He died as peacefully as a baby. He departed right between twelve and one, just as the tide was turning. For after I saw him fumbling with the sheets and playing with imaginary flowers and smiling at the ends of his fingers, I knew it was the end. His face was gaunt and he was babbling about green fields. “Now, now, Sir John!” I said. “What’s all this? Cheer up!” And he called out “God, God, God!” three or four times. To soothe him, I told him not to think of God, that I hoped it wasn’t yet time to bother with such thoughts. So he asked me to put more blankets on his feet. I put my hand into the bed and felt his feet, and they were stone-cold. Then I felt his legs, and they were stone-cold, and so I moved upward and upward, and his whole body was stone-cold.They say he cried out against sherry.Yes, he did.