And of women.Nay, that he did not.Yes, that he did, and said they were devils incarnate.'A could never abide carnation. 'Twas a color he never
liked.
He said once the devil would have him about women.He did in some sort, indeed, handle women, but then he
was rheumatic, and talked of the Whore of Babylon.
Do you not remember he saw a flea stick upon Bardolph’s
nose, and he said it was a black soul burning in hell?
Well, the fuel is gone that maintained that fire. That’s all
the riches I got in his service.
Shall we shog? The King will be gone from Southampton.Come, let’s away.—My love, give me thy lips.Look to my chattels and my movables.Let senses rule. The word is “Pitch and pay.”Trust none, for oaths are straws, men’s faiths are   wafer-cakes,And Holdfast is the only dog, my duck.Therefore, caveto be thy counselor.Go, clear thy crystals.—Yoke-fellows in arms,Let us to France, like horse-leeches, my boys,To suck, to suck, the very blood to suck.#LBSFORGOLDAnd women.No, he did not.Yes, he did. He said they were devils incarnate.He could never bear carnation. It was a color he never did like.He once said the devil would get him because of women.He did touch on women a bit, but his body was aching with fever and he talked about the Whore of Babylon.Don’t you remember how he saw a flea land on Bardolph’s nose and said it was a black soul burning in hell?Well, the fuelThe “fuel” Bardolph refers to is the drinks Falstaff bought him, which made his face even redder.fuel that sustained that fire is gone. That’s all the wealth I ever earned in his company.Shall we get moving? The king will already have left Southampton.Come, let’s be on our way. My love, let me kiss your lips. Look after my goods and possessions. Keep on your toes: the rule is “cash down, no credit.” Trust no one. For oaths are as easily broken as straws, and men’s faith crumbles like crackers, and you can only rely on what you can hold onto. Let caution be your guide. Go dry your eyes. Brothers in arms, we’re off to France—like leeches, my boys: to suck, to suck, their very blood to suck!