Oh peace, Prince Dauphin!You are too much mistaken in this king.Question your Grace the late ambassadorsWith what great state he heard their embassy,How well supplied with noble counselors,How modest in exception, and withalHow terrible in constant resolution,And you shall find his vanities forespentWere but the outside of the Roman Brutus,Covering discretion with a coat of folly,As gardeners do with ordure hide those rootsThat shall first spring and be most delicate.Well, ’tis not so, my Lord High Constable.But though we think it so, it is no matter.In cases of defense ’tis best to weighThe enemy more mighty than he seems.So the proportions of defense are filled,Which of a weak or niggardly projectionDoth, like a miser, spoil his coat with scantingA little cloth.Think we King Harry strong,And, princes, look you strongly arm to meet him.The kindred of him hath been fleshed upon us,And he is bred out of that bloody strainThat haunted us in our familiar paths.Witness our too-much-memorable shameWhen Cressy battle fatally was struckAnd all our princes captived by the handOf that black name, Edward, Black Prince of Wales,Whiles that his mountain sire, on mountain standing#LBSFORGOLDOh, please, Prince Dauphin! You are completely wrong about this king. Talk to the ambassadors who’ve just come back: ask them how majestically he responded to their message, how well supplied he was with good advisors, how restrained in expressing his displeasure, and, moreover, how terrifyingly firm he was in his resolve. You’ll discover that his youthful follies were like the persona that Lucius Junius BrutusIn Roman history, a nobleman named Lucius Junius Brutus pretended to be feebleminded so King Tarquin wouldn’t recognize he was a threat.Lucius Junius Brutus adopted to deceive Tarquin—cloaking wisdom in folly the way gardeners cover the most delicate roots with manure when they first sprout up.Well, you’re wrong, my Lord High Constable. But even if I thought you were right, it doesn’t matter. When it comes to defense, it’s best to assume that the enemy is more powerful than he seems. That way, we fill the gaps in our defenses. Otherwise, if we do it on the cheap, we’ll be like the miser who spoils his new coat by not buying quite enough cloth to make it.I think King Harry is strong, so the rest of you princes make sure to arm yourselves to meet him with strength. His ancestors got their first taste of blood in battle with us, and he is born of that warlike strain that haunted us on our home ground. Reflect on the battle of Crécy, where, to our everlasting shame, all our princes were taken prisoner by the Prince of Wales, he whom they called Edward the Black Prince. Remember how his mountain-bred father, standing high on a mountain,