Captain Jamy is a marvelous falorous gentleman, that is
certain, and of great expedition and knowledge in th'
aunchient wars, upon my particular knowledge of his
directions. By Cheshu, he will maintain his argument as
well as any military man in the world in the disciplines of
the pristine wars of the Romans.
I say gudday, Captain Fluellen.Godden to your Worship, good Captain James.How now, Captain Macmorris, have you quit the mines?Have the pioneers given o'er?By Chrish, la, ’tish ill done. The work ish give over. The
trompet sound the retreat. By my hand I swear, and my
father’s soul, the work ish ill done. It ish give over. I would
have blowed up the town, so Chrish save me, la, in an hour.
Oh, ’tish ill done, ’tish ill done, by my hand, ’tish ill done.
Captain Macmorris, I beseech you now, will you voutsafe
me, look you, a few disputations with you as partly
touching or concerning the disciplines of the war, the
Roman wars? In the way of argument, look you, and
friendly communication, partly to satisfy my opinion, and
partly for the satisfaction, look you, of my mind, as touching
the direction of the military discipline, that is the point.
It sall be vary gud, gud feith, gud captens bath, and I sall
quit you with gud leve, as I may pick occasion, that sall I,
marry.
#LBSFORGOLDCaptain Jamy is a wonderfully valorous gentleman, that’s certain, one with great learning and knowledge concerning ancient warfare, I happen to know from his maneuvers. By Jesus, he will defend his position on the practices of the ancient Roman wars as well as any military man in the world.Good day to you, Captain Fluellen.Good evening to your Worship, good Captain James.Tell me, Captain Macmorris, have you left the tunnels? Have the excavators stopped work?Christ, it’s a disaster. The work is stopped, the trumpet has sounded the retreat. I swear by this hand and my father’s soul, the whole thing is a disaster. It’s all stopped. I could have blown up the town in an hour. Oh, it’s a disaster, a disaster, by this hand, it’s a disaster.Captain Macmorris, I beg your pardon, but would you grant me a discussion or two with you, see, partly touching on or concerning the practice of war, the Roman wars, for the sake of argument, see, and friendly conversation? Partly to confirm my opinion and partly for the satisfaction, see, of my mind, with respect to the demands of proper military practice—that’s the point?Oh, this is fine, good captains. And I’ll answer you, if I may, when I get a chance. Indeed I will.