
(to
                                CASSIUS) I wish your enterprise today
                                may thrive.What enterprise, Popillius?    Fare you
                            well.
(to
                                CASSIUS) What said Popillius
                            Lena?
(aside to
                                BRUTUS)
He wished today our enterprise might thrive.I fear our purpose is discoverèd.Look how he makes to Caesar. Mark him.Casca, be sudden, for we fear prevention—Brutus, what shall be done? If this be known,Cassius or Caesar never shall turn back,For I will slay myself.    Cassius, be
                                constant.Popillius Lena speaks not of our purposes.For, look, he smiles, and Caesar doth not change.Trebonius knows his time. For, look you, Brutus.He draws Mark Antony out of the way.Where is Metellus Cimber? Let him goAnd presently prefer his suit to Caesar.#LBSFORGOLD
(to
                                CASSIUS) I hope your endeavor goes
                                well today.What endeavor, Popillius?Good luck.
(to
                                CASSIUS) What did Popillius Lena
                            say?
(speaking so that only BRUTUS
                                can hear) He wished that our endeavor
                                would go well today. I’m afraid we’ve been found
                                out.Look, he’s approaching Caesar. Keep an eye on him.Casca, be quick, because we’re worried we might be
                                stopped. Brutus, what will we do? If our secret’s known,
                                either Caesar or I will die, for I’ll kill myself.Cassius, stand firm. Popillius Lena wasn’t talking about
                                our plot—for, look, he’s smiling, and
                                Caesar’s expression is the same.Trebonius knows his cue. See, Brutus, he’s pulling Mark
                                Antony aside.Where’s Metellus Cimber? He should go up and offer his
                                petition to Caesar now.