    Yet I fear
                                him.For in the engrafted love he bears to Caesar—Alas, good Cassius, do not think of him.If he love Caesar, all that he can doIs to himself: take thought and die for Caesar.And that were much he should, for he is givenTo sports, to wildness and much company.There is no fear in him. Let him not die,For he will live and laugh at this hereafter.Peace! Count the clock.The clock hath stricken three.'Tis time to part.    But it is
                                doubtful yetWhether Caesar will come forth today or no.For he is superstitious grown of late,Quite from the main opinion he held onceOf fantasy, of dreams and ceremonies.It may be, these apparent prodigies,The unaccustomed terror of this night,And the persuasion of his augurersMay hold him from the Capitol today.Never fear that. If he be so resolved,I can o'ersway him. For he loves to hearThat unicorns may be betrayed with trees,And bears with glasses, elephants with holes,Lions with toils, and men with flatterers.But when I tell him he hates flatterers,He says he does, being then most flatterèd.Let me work.For I can give his humor the true bent,And I will bring him to the Capitol.#LBSFORGOLDBut I’m still afraid of him, because the deep-rooted love
                                he has for Caesar—Alas, good Cassius, don’t think about him. If he loves
                                Caesar, then he can only hurt himself—by grieving and
                                dying for Caesar. And I’d be surprised if he even did that,
                                for he prefers sports, fun, and friends.There’s nothing to fear in him. Let’s not kill
                                him. He’ll live and laugh at this afterward.Quiet! Count how many times the clock chimes.The clock struck three.It’s time to leave.But we still don’t know whether Caesar will go out in
                                public today or not, because he’s become superstitious
                                lately, a complete turnaround from when he used to have such a bad
                                opinion of fortune-tellers, dream interpreters, and ritual
                                mumbo-jumbo. It might happen that these strange signs, the unusual
                                terror of this night, and the urgings of his fortune-tellers will
                                keep him away from the Capitol today.Don’t worry about that. If he’s reluctant, I can
                                convince him. He loves to hear me tell him how men can be snared by
                                flatterers, just like unicorns can be captured in trees, elephants
                                in holes, and lions with nets. When I tell him he hates flatterers,
                                he agrees, just at the moment when I’m flattering him the
                                most.Let me work on him. I can put him in the right mood, and
                                I’ll bring him to the Capitol.