A man no mightier than thyself or meIn personal action, yet prodigious grown,And fearful as these strange eruptions are.'Tis Caesar that you mean. Is it not, Cassius?Let it be who it is. For Romans nowHave thews and limbs like to their ancestors,But—woe the while!—our fathers'
                                minds are dead,And we are governed with our mothers' spirits.Our yoke and sufferance show us womanish.Indeed, they say the senators tomorrowMean to establish Caesar as a king,And he shall wear his crown by sea and landIn every place save here in Italy.I know where I will wear this dagger then.Cassius from bondage will deliver Cassius.Therein, ye gods, you make the weak most strong.Therein, ye gods, you tyrants do defeat.Nor stony tower, nor walls of beaten brass,Nor airless dungeon, nor strong links of ironCan be retentive to the strength of spirit.But life, being weary of these worldly bars,Never lacks power to dismiss itself.If I know this, know all the world besides,That part of tyranny that I do bearI can shake off at pleasure.   So can I.So every bondman in his own hand bearsThe power to cancel his captivity.#LBSFORGOLDA man no mightier than you or I in ability, yet grown as huge and
                                frightening as tonight’s strange happenings.You’re talking about Caesar, right, Cassius?Let it be who it is. Romans today still have the powerful bodies
                                of their ancestors, but, unfortunately, we don’t have their
                                manly spirits, and instead we take after our mothers. Our tolerance
                                for slavery and oppression shows us to be weak, like women.Indeed, they say that the senators plan to establish Caesar as a
                                king tomorrow, and he’ll wear his crown at sea and on land
                                everywhere except here in Italy.I know where I’ll wear this dagger, then. I’ll
                                kill myself to save myself from slavery. In suicide, gods make the
                                weak strong. In suicide, gods allow tyrants to be defeated. No stony
                                tower, no brass walls, no airless dungeon, no iron chains can
                                contain a strong mind. But if a man becomes weary of these
                                obstacles, he can always kill himself. Let everyone beware: I can
                                shake off the tyranny that now oppresses me whenever I
                            choose.So can I. In fact, every imprisoned man holds in his own hand the
                                tool to free himself.