    All
                                disconsolate,With Pindarus his bondman on this hill.Is not that he that lies upon the ground?He lies not like the living. O my heart!Is not that he?   No, this was he, Messala,But Cassius is no more. O setting sun,As in thy red rays thou dost sink tonight,So in his red blood Cassius' day is set.The sun of Rome is set. Our day is gone.Clouds, dews, and dangers come! Our deeds are done.Mistrust of my success hath done this deed.Mistrust of good success hath done this deed.O hateful error, melancholy’s child,Why dost thou show to the apt thoughts of menThe things that are not? O error, soon conceived,Thou never comest unto a happy birthBut kill’st the mother that engendered thee!What, Pindarus! Where art thou, Pindarus?Seek him, Titinius, whilst I go to meetThe noble Brutus, thrusting this reportInto his ears. I may say “thrusting” it,For piercing steel and darts envenomèdShall be as welcome to the ears of BrutusAs tidings of this sight.#LBSFORGOLDOn this hill and in despair, with his slave Pindarus.Isn’t that him on the ground?He doesn’t seem to be alive. Oh, my heart!Isn’t that him?No, it was him, Messala, but
                                Cassius is no more. Just as the sun’s rays turn red when it
                                sets, so Cassius has ended his life in a pool of red blood. The sun
                                of Rome has set! Our day is over. Clouds, dew, and dangers approach.
                                We’re finished! He didn’t believe I would ever
                                return on my mission, and so he killed himself.Yes, he killed himself because he thought we’d lost the
                                whole battle. Sadness, which misconstrues reality, gave birth to his
                                errors in thinking—and then destroyed him.Pindarus! Where are you, Pindarus?Look for him, Titinius, while I go to meet the noble Brutus and
                                force him to hear this news. I say “force”
                                because Brutus would rather I stuck sharp blades and poisoned arrows
                                in his ears than fill them with this.