Indeed he is not fit.Shall no man else be touched but only Caesar?Decius, well urged. I think it is not meetMark Antony, so well beloved of Caesar,Should outlive Caesar. We shall find of himA shrewd contriver. And, you know, his means,If he improve them, may well stretch so farAs to annoy us all; which to prevent,Let Antony and Caesar fall together.Our course will seem too bloody, Caius Cassius,To cut the head off and then hack the limbs,Like wrath in death and envy afterwards,For Antony is but a limb of Caesar.Let us be sacrificers but not butchers, Caius.We all stand up against the spirit of Caesar,And in the spirit of men there is no blood.Oh, that we then could come by Caesar’s spiritAnd not dismember Caesar! But, alas,Caesar must bleed for it. And, gentle friends,Let’s kill him boldly but not wrathfully.Let’s carve him as a dish fit for the gods,Not hew him as a carcass fit for hounds.And let our hearts, as subtle masters do,Stir up their servants to an act of rageAnd after seem to chide 'em. This shall makeOur purpose necessary and not envious,Which so appearing to the common eyes,We shall be called purgers, not murderers.And for Mark Antony, think not of him,For he can do no more than Caesar’s armWhen Caesar’s head is off.#LBSFORGOLDIndeed, he’s not right for this.But should we only go after Caesar? No one else?Good point, Decius. I don’t think it would be wise to let
                                Mark Antony, whom Caesar is so fond of, outlive Caesar.
                                We’d find that he was a dangerous plotter. And as you know,
                                his connections, if he put them to good use, might be enough to hurt
                                us all. To prevent this, Mark Antony should die along with
                            Caesar.Our action will seem too bloody if we cut off Caesar’s
                                head and then hack at his arms and legs too, Caius
                                Cassius—because Mark Antony is merely one of
                                Caesar’s arms. It’ll look like we killed Caesar
                                out of anger and Mark Antony out of envy. Let’s be
                                sacrificers but not butchers, Caius. We’re all against what
                                Caesar stands for, and there’s no blood in that. Oh, how I
                                wish we could oppose Caesar’s spirit—his
                                overblown ambition—and not hack up Caesar himself! But,
                                unfortunately, Caesar has to bleed if we’re going to stop
                                him. Noble friends, let’s kill him boldly but not with
                                anger. Let’s carve him up like a dish fit for the gods, not
                                chop him up like a carcass fit for dogs. Let’s be angry
                                only long enough to do the deed, and then let’s act like
                                we’re disgusted by what we had to do. This will make our
                                actions seem practical and not vengeful. If we appear calm to the
                                people, they’ll call us surgeons rather than murderers. As
                                for Mark Antony—forget him. He’ll be as useless
                                as Caesar’s arm after Caesar’s head is cut
                            off.