I will not have it so. Lie down, good sirs.It may be I shall otherwise bethink me.—Look, Lucius, here’s the book I sought for
                                so.I put it in the pocket of my gown.I was sure your lordship did not give it me.Bear with me, good boy, I am much forgetful.Canst thou hold up thy heavy eyes awhile,And touch thy instrument a strain or two?Ay, my lord, an ’t please you.     It
                                does, my boy.I trouble thee too much, but thou art willing.It is my duty, sir.I should not urge thy duty past thy might.I know young bloods look for a time of rest.I have slept, my lord, already.It was well done, and thou shalt sleep again.I will not hold thee long. If I do live,I will be good to thee.This is a sleepy tune. O murderous slumber,Layst thou thy leaden mace upon my boyThat plays thee music?—Gentle knave, good night.I will not do thee so much wrong to wake thee.If thou dost nod, thou break’st thy instrument.I’ll take it from thee. And, good boy, good night.—Let me see, let me see. Is not the leaf turned downWhere I left reading? Here it is, I think.#LBSFORGOLDNo, please, lie down, good sirs, because I might change my mind.
                                Look, Lucius, here’s the book I was searching for. I put it
                                in the pocket of my nightgown.I was sure that you hadn’t given it to me.Bear with me, good boy. I’ve become very forgetful. Can
                                you stay awake a bit longer and play a few tunes on your
                            lute?Yes, my lord, if you would like.I would, my boy. I ask too much of you, but you’re always
                                willing.It’s my duty, sir.I shouldn’t make you do more than you’re able. I
                                know that young men look forward to their rest.I’ve already slept, my lord.That was good planning, and you’ll sleep some more. I
                                won’t keep you very long. If I live through this,
                                I’ll be good to you.This is a sleepy tune. Oh, deadening sleep, have you taken over my
                                boy who plays music for you? Gentle boy, good night. I
                                won’t trouble you so much as to wake you. If you were to
                                droop down, you’d break your instrument, and so
                                I’ll take it from you. Good night, good boy. Let me see,
                                let me see. Didn’t I turn down the page where I left off
                                reading? Here it is, I think. This candle doesn’t give much
                                light.