    How many ages
                                henceShall this our lofty scene be acted overIn states unborn and accents yet unknown!How many times shall Caesar bleed in sport,That now on Pompey’s basis lies alongNo worthier than the dust!    So oft as that
                                shall be,So often shall the knot of us be called“The men that gave their country
                            liberty.”What, shall we forth?    Ay, every man
                                away.Brutus shall lead, and we will grace his heelsWith the most boldest and best hearts of Rome.Soft! Who comes here? A friend of Antony’s.
(kneeling) Thus, Brutus, did my
                                master bid me kneel.
(falls prostrate) Thus did Mark
                                Antony bid me fall down,And, being prostrate, thus he bade me say:Brutus is noble, wise, valiant, and honest.Caesar was mighty, bold, royal, and loving.Say I love Brutus, and I honor him.Say I feared Caesar, honored him, and loved him.#LBSFORGOLDHow many years from now will this heroic scene be reenacted in
                                countries that don’t even exist yet and in languages not
                                yet known!How many times will Caesar bleed again in show, though he now lies
                                at the base of Pompey’s statue, as worthless as
                            dust!As often as it’s replayed, our group will be hailed as
                                the men who gave their country liberty.Well, should we go out?Yes, every man forward. Brutus will lead, and we’ll
                                follow him with the boldest and best hearts of Rome.Wait a minute. Who’s that coming? It’s a friend
                                of Antony’s.
(kneeling) Brutus, my master
                                ordered me to kneel like this.
                                (he kneels, head bowed low) He
                                ordered me to kneel low, and, from the ground, like this, he ordered
                                me to say: “Brutus is noble, wise, brave, and honest.
                                Caesar was mighty, bold, royal, and loving. Antony loves Brutus and
                                honors him. Antony feared Caesar, honored him, and loved him.