    I doubt not of
                                your wisdom.Let each man render me his bloody hand.
(shakes hands with the conspirators)
First, Marcus Brutus, will I shake with you.—Next, Caius Cassius, do I take your hand.—Now, Decius Brutus, yours.—Now yours,
                                Metellus.—Yours, Cinna.—And, my valiant Casca,
                                yours.—Though last, not last in love, yours, good Trebonius.—Gentlemen all, alas, what shall I say?My credit now stands on such slippery groundThat one of two bad ways you must conceit me,Either a coward or a flatterer—That I did love thee, Caesar, O, ’tis true.If then thy spirit look upon us now,Shall it not grieve thee dearer than thy deathTo see thy Antony making his peace,Shaking the bloody fingers of thy foes—Most noble!—in the presence of thy corse?Had I as many eyes as thou hast wounds,Weeping as fast as they stream forth thy blood,It would become me better than to closeIn terms of friendship with thine enemies.Pardon me, Julius! Here wast thou bayed, brave hart;Here didst thou fall; and here thy hunters stand,Signed in thy spoil, and crimsoned in thy lethe.O world, thou wast the forest to this hart,And this indeed, O world, the heart of thee.How like a deer, strucken by many princes,Dost thou here lie!Mark Antony—Pardon me, Caius Cassius.The enemies of Caesar shall say this;Then, in a friend, it is cold modesty.#LBSFORGOLDI don’t doubt your wisdom. Each of you, give me your
                                bloody hand.
                                (he shakes hands with the conspirators)
                                First, Marcus Brutus, I shake your hand. Next, Caius Cassius, I take
                                your hand. Now, Decius Brutus, yours. Now yours, Metellus. Yours,
                                Cinna. And yours, my brave Casca. Last but not least, yours, good
                                Trebonius. You are all gentlemen—alas, what can I say?
                                Now that I’ve shaken your hands, you’ll take me
                                for either a coward or a flatterer—in either case, my
                                credibility stands on slippery ground. It’s true that I
                                loved you, Caesar—nothing could be truer. If your spirit
                                is looking down upon us now, it must hurt you more than even your
                                death to see your Antony making peace—shaking the bloody
                                hands of your enemies—in front of your corpse. If I had
                                as many eyes as you have wounds, and they wept as fast as your
                                wounds stream blood—even that would be more becoming
                                than joining your enemies in friendship. Forgive me, Julius! On this
                                very spot you were hunted down, like a brave deer. And here you
                                fell, where your hunters are now standing. The spot is marked by
                                your death and stained by your blood. Oh world, you were the forest
                                to this deer, and this deer, oh world, was your dear. Now you lie
                                here, stabbed by many princes!Mark Antony—Pardon me, Caius Cassius. Even Caesar’s enemies would say
                                the same. From a friend, it’s a cool
                                assessment—no more than that.