O piteous spectacle!    O noble
                                Caesar!O woeful day!O traitors, villains!   O most bloody sight!We will be revenged.Revenge! About! Seek! Burn! Fire! Kill! Slay!Let not a traitor live!    Stay,
                                countrymen.Peace there! Hear the noble Antony.We’ll hear him. We’ll follow him. We’ll
                                die with him.Good friends, sweet friends! Let me not stir you upTo such a sudden flood of mutiny.They that have done this deed are honorable.What private griefs they have, alas, I know not,That made them do it. They are wise and honorable,And will, no doubt, with reasons answer you.I come not, friends, to steal away your hearts.I am no orator, as Brutus is,But, as you know me all, a plain blunt manThat love my friend. And that they know full wellThat gave me public leave to speak of him.For I have neither wit nor words nor worth,Action nor utterance nor the power of speech,To stir men’s blood. I only speak right on.I tell you that which you yourselves do know,Show you sweet Caesar’s wounds, poor poor dumb mouths,And bid them speak for me. But were I Brutus,And Brutus Antony, there were an AntonyWould ruffle up your spirits and put a tongueIn every wound of Caesar that should moveThe stones of Rome to rise and mutiny.#LBSFORGOLDOh, what a sad sight!Oh, noble Caesar!Oh, sad day!Oh, traitors, villains!Oh, most bloody sight!We will get revenge.Revenge! Let’s go after them! Seek! Burn! Set fire! Kill!
                                Slay! Leave no traitors alive!Wait, countrymen.Quiet there! Listen to the noble Antony.We’ll listen to him, we’ll follow him,
                                we’ll die with him.Good friends, sweet friends, don’t let me stir you up to
                                such a sudden mutiny. Those who have done this deed are honorable. I
                                don’t know what private grudges they had that made them do
                                it. They’re wise and honorable, and will no doubt give you
                                reasons for it. I haven’t come to steal your loyalty,
                                friends. I’m no orator, as Brutus is. I’m only, as
                                you know, a plain, blunt man who loved his friend, and the men who
                                let me speak know this well. I have neither cleverness nor
                                rhetorical skill nor the authority nor gesture nor eloquence nor the
                                power of speech to stir men up. I just speak directly. I tell you
                                what you already know. I show you sweet Caesar’s
                                wounds—poor, speechless mouths!—and make
                                them speak for me. But if I were Brutus and Brutus were me, then
                                I’d stir you up, and install in each of Caesar’s
                                wounds the kind of voice that could convince even stones to rise up
                                and mutiny.