He is a sick man that would speak with you.Caius Ligarius, that Metellus spake of.—Boy, stand aside.—Caius Ligarius, how?Vouchsafe good morrow from a feeble tongue.O, what a time have you chose out, brave Caius,To wear a kerchief! Would you were not sick!I am not sick if Brutus have in handAny exploit worthy the name of honor.Such an exploit have I in hand, Ligarius,Had you a healthful ear to hear of it.
(removes his kerchief)
By all the gods that Romans bow before,I here discard my sickness! Soul of Rome,Brave son derived from honorable loins,Thou, like an exorcist, hast conjured upMy mortifièd spirit. Now bid me run,And I will strive with things impossible,Yea, get the better of them. What’s to do?A piece of work that will make sick men whole.But are not some whole that we must make sick?That must we also. What it is, my Caius,I shall unfold to thee as we are goingTo whom it must be done.#LBSFORGOLDHere’s a sick man who wants to speak with you.It’s Caius Ligarius, whom Metellus spoke of. Boy, stand
                                aside. Caius Ligarius! How are you?Please accept my feeble “good
                            morning.”Oh, what a time you’ve chosen to be sick, brave Caius!
                                How I wish you felt better!I’m not sick if you’ve prepared some honorable
                                exploit for me.Indeed, I would have such an exploit for you, Ligarius, if you
                                were healthy enough to hear it.
(takes off his head covering) By
                                all the gods that Romans worship, I hereby throw off my sickness!
                                Soul of Rome! Brave son of honorable ancestors! You’ve
                                conjured up my deadened spirit like an exorcist. Now say the word,
                                and I will tackle all kinds of impossible things, and succeed too.
                                What is there to do?A deed that will make sick men healthy.But aren’t there some healthy men whom we have to make
                                sick?That too. My dear Caius, I’ll explain the task at hand to
                                you as we walk toward the man we must do it to.