If you shall send them word you will not come,Their minds may change. Besides, it were a mockApt to be rendered for someone to say,“Break up the senate till another timeWhen Caesar’s wife shall meet with better
                                dreams.”If Caesar hide himself, shall they not whisper,“Lo, Caesar is afraid”?Pardon me, Caesar. For my dear, dear loveTo your proceeding bids me tell you this,And reason to my love is liable.How foolish do your fears seem now, Calphurnia!I am ashamèd I did yield to them.Give me my robe, for I will go.And look, where Publius is come to fetch me.Good morrow, Caesar.Welcome, Publius.—What, Brutus, are you stirred so early too?—Good morrow, Casca.—Caius Ligarius,Caesar was ne'er so much your enemyAs that same ague which hath made you lean.—What is ’t o'clock?    Caesar,
                                ’tis strucken eight.I thank you for your pains and courtesy.#LBSFORGOLDIf you send them word that you won’t come, they might
                                change their minds. Besides, someone’s likely to joke,
                                “Adjourn the senate until some other time, when
                                Caesar’s wife has had better dreams.” If you
                                hide yourself, won’t they whisper, “Caesar is
                                afraid?” Pardon me, Caesar. My high hopes for your
                                advancement force me to tell you this. My love gets the better of my
                                manners.How foolish your fears seem now, Calphurnia! I’m ashamed
                                that I yielded to them. Give me my robe, because I’m
                            going.And look, here’s Publius, come to fetch me.Good morning, Caesar.Welcome, Publius. What, Brutus? Are you up this early too? Good
                                morning, Casca. Caius Ligarius, I was never your enemy so much as
                                the sickness that’s made you so thin. What time is
                            it?Caesar, the clock has struck eight.I thank you all for your trouble and courtesy.