    Hie you,
                                Messala,And I will seek for Pindarus the while.Why didst thou send me forth, brave Cassius?Did I not meet thy friends? And did not theyPut on my brows this wreath of victoryAnd bid me give it thee? Didst thou not hear their shouts?Alas, thou hast misconstrued everything!But, hold thee, take this garland on thy brow.Thy Brutus bid me give it thee, and IWill do his bidding.
(lays wreath on
                                CASSIUS’s head) Brutus, come
                                apace,And see how I regarded Caius Cassius.—By your leave, gods, this is a Roman’s part.Come, Cassius' sword, and find Titinius' heart.
(stabs himself with
                                CASSIUS’s sword and dies)
Where, where, Messala, doth his body lie?Lo, yonder, and Titinius mourning it.Titinius' face is upward.    He is
                            slain.O Julius Caesar, thou art mighty yet!Thy spirit walks abroad and turns our swordsIn our own proper entrails.#LBSFORGOLDHurry, Messala, and I’ll look for Pindarus in the
                                meantime.Why did you send me out, brave Cassius? Didn’t I meet up
                                with your allies? And didn’t they place the wreath of
                                victory on my brow and order me to give it to you? Didn’t
                                you hear their shouts? Alas, you misunderstood everything! But let
                                me place this wreath on your head. Your Brutus ordered me to give it
                                to you, and I’ll do what he says.
                                (he lays a wreath on
                                CASSIUS’s head) Brutus, come
                                this way and see how much I admired Caius Cassius. With your
                                permission, gods, this is a Roman’s duty. Come,
                                Cassius’s sword, and strike Titinius’s heart.
                                (he stabs himself with
                                CASSIUS’s sword and dies.)
Where is his body, Messala?Over there, where Titinius mourns it.Titinius is lying face-up.He’s been killed.Oh, Julius Caesar, you are still powerful. Your ghost walks the
                                earth and turns our swords toward our own stomachs.