“All this”? Ay, more. Fret till your proud
                                heart break.Go show your slaves how choleric you areAnd make your bondmen tremble. Must I budge?Must I observe you? Must I stand and crouchUnder your testy humor? By the gods,You shall digest the venom of your spleen,Though it do split you. For from this day forth,I’ll use you for my mirth, yea, for my laughter,When you are waspish.    Is it come to
                                this?You say you are a better soldier.Let it appear so. Make your vaunting true,And it shall please me well. For mine own part,I shall be glad to learn of noble men.You wrong me every way. You wrong me, Brutus.I said an elder soldier, not a better.Did I say “better”?If you did, I care not.When Caesar lived, he durst not thus have moved me.Peace, peace! You durst not so have tempted him.I durst not!No.What, durst not tempt him?#LBSFORGOLD“All this”? Yes, and more. Go
                                ahead—rage till your proud heart breaks. Show your
                                slaves how mad you are, and make your servants tremble. But
                                me—am I going to cower at you and your irritable moods?
                                You’ll have to swallow your own poison till it makes you
                                burst before I’m going to respond; from now on,
                                I’ll make you the butt of my jokes whenever you get sharp
                                with me.Has it come to this?You say you’re a better soldier. Show it! Make your
                                boasts come true, and I’ll be thrilled. I’m always
                                happy to hear about brave men.You wrong me in every way. You wrong me, Brutus. I said an
                                older soldier, not a better one. Did
                                I say “better”?If you did, I don’t care.When Caesar was alive, even he wouldn’t dare anger me
                                like this.Oh, be quiet. You wouldn’t have dared to tempt him
                            so.I wouldn’t have dared!No.What? Not dared to tempt him?