Did this in Caesar seem ambitious?When that the poor have cried, Caesar hath wept.Ambition should be made of sterner stuff.Yet Brutus says he was ambitious,And Brutus is an honorable man.You all did see that on the LupercalI thrice presented him a kingly crown,Which he did thrice refuse. Was this ambition?Yet Brutus says he was ambitious,And, sure, he is an honorable man.I speak not to disprove what Brutus spoke,But here I am to speak what I do know.You all did love him once, not without cause.What cause withholds you then to mourn for him?O judgment! Thou art fled to brutish beasts,And men have lost their reason. Bear with me.My heart is in the coffin there with Caesar,And I must pause till it come back to me.
                                (weeps)
Methinks there is much reason in his sayings.If thou consider rightly of the matter,Caesar has had great wrong.     Has
                                he, masters?I fear there will a worse come in his place.Marked ye his words? He would not take the crown.Therefore ’tis certain he was not ambitious.If it be found so, some will dear abide it.Poor soul! His eyes are red as fire with weeping.There’s not a nobler man in Rome than Antony.#LBSFORGOLDIs this the work of an ambitious man? When the poor cried, Caesar
                                cried too. Ambition shouldn’t be so soft. Yet Brutus says
                                he was ambitious, and Brutus is an honorable man. You all saw that
                                on the Lupercal feast day I offered him a king’s crown
                                three times, and he refused it three times. Was this ambition? Yet
                                Brutus says he was ambitious. And, no question, Brutus is an
                                honorable man. I am not here to disprove what Brutus has said, but
                                to say what I know. You all loved him
                                once, and not without reason. Then what reason holds you back from
                                mourning him now? Men have become brutish beasts and lost their
                                reason! Bear with me. My heart is in the coffin there with Caesar,
                                and I must pause until it returns to me.
                                (he weeps)
I think there’s a lot of sense in what he says.If you think about it correctly, Caesar has suffered a great
                                wrong.Has he, sirs? I’m worried there will be someone worse to
                                replace him.Did you hear Antony? Caesar wouldn’t take the crown.
                                Therefore it’s certain that he wasn’t
                            ambitious.If it turns out he wasn’t, certain people are going to
                                get it.Poor man! Antony’s eyes are fiery red from crying.There isn’t a nobler man than Antony in all of
                            Rome.