I blame you not for praising Caesar so.But what compact mean you to have with us?Will you be pricked in number of our friends?Or shall we on, and not depend on you?Therefore I took your hands, but was indeedSwayed from the point by looking down on Caesar.Friends am I with you all and love you allUpon this hope: that you shall give me reasonsWhy and wherein Caesar was dangerous.Or else were this a savage spectacle!Our reasons are so full of good regardThat were you, Antony, the son of Caesar,You should be satisfied.    That’s
                                all I seek.And am moreover suitor that I mayProduce his body to the marketplace,And in the pulpit, as becomes a friend,Speak in the order of his funeral.You shall, Mark Antony.    Brutus, a word
                                with you.
(aside to
                                BRUTUS) You know not what you do.Do not consentThat Antony speak in his funeral.Know you how much the people may be movedBy that which he will utter?
(aside to
                                CASSIUS)    By
                                your pardon.I will myself into the pulpit first,And show the reason of our Caesar’s death.#LBSFORGOLDI don’t blame you for praising Caesar like this, but what
                                agreement do you intend to reach with us? Will you be counted as our
                                friend, or should we proceed without depending on you?I took your hands in friendship, but, indeed, I was distracted
                                when I looked down at Caesar. I am friends with you all and love you
                                all, on one condition—that you prove to me that Caesar
                                was dangerous.Without that proof, this would’ve been a savage action!
                                Our reasons are so well considered that even if you, Antony, were
                                Caesar’s son, you would be satisfied with them.That’s all I ask—and that you let me carry
                                his body to the marketplace and, as a friend ought to do, stand on
                                the platform and give a proper funeral oration.You may, Mark Antony.Brutus, may I have a word with you?
                                (speaking so that only BRUTUS
                                can hear) You don’t know
                                what you’re doing. Don’t let Antony speak at his
                                funeral. Don’t you know how much the people could be
                                affected by what he says?
(speaking so that only CASSIUS
                                can hear) With your permission,
                                I’ll stand on the platform first and explain the reason for
                                Caesar’s death.