I prithee, boy, run to the senate house.Stay not to answer me, but get thee gone.Why dost thou stay?    To know my
                                errand, madam.I would have had thee there and here againEre I can tell thee what thou shouldst do there.—O constancy, be strong upon my side,Set a huge mountain ’tween my heart and tongue!I have a man’s mind but a woman’s might.How hard it is for women to keep counsel!—Art thou here yet?    Madam, what
                                should I do?Run to the Capitol, and nothing else?And so return to you, and nothing else?Yes, bring me word, boy, if thy lord look well,For he went sickly forth. And take good noteWhat Caesar doth, what suitors press to him.Hark, boy! What noise is that?I hear none, madam.Prithee, listen well.I heard a bustling rumor like a fray,And the wind brings it from the Capitol.Sooth, madam, I hear nothing.#LBSFORGOLDBoy, I beg you to run to the senate house. Don’t stay to
                                answer me—get going. Why are you still standing
                            there?To find out what you want me to do there, madam.I want you there and back again before I can even tell you what
                                you should do there.
                                (to herself, so that no one can hear her)
                                Oh, let my determination keep me from speaking what is in my heart!
                                I have a man’s mind, but only a woman’s strength.
                                How hard it is for women to keep secrets!
                                (to
                                LUCIUS) Are you still here?Madam, what should I do? Run to the Capitol and nothing else? And
                                then return to you and nothing else?Yes, return and tell me if your master looks well, because he was
                                sick when he left. And pay attention to what Caesar does and which
                                men are close to him. Listen, boy! What’s that
                            noise?I don’t hear anything, madam.I beg you, listen well. I heard a noise like a scuffle. The wind
                                brings it from the Capitol.Truly, madam, I don’t hear anything.