Not stingless too?Oh, yes, and soundless too.For you have stol'n their buzzing, Antony,And very wisely threat before you sting.Villains, you did not so when your vile daggersHacked one another in the sides of Caesar.You showed your teeth like apes, and fawned like hounds,And bowed like bondmen, kissing Caesar’s feet,Whilst damnèd Casca, like a cur, behindStruck Caesar on the neck. O you flatterers!Flatterers?—Now, Brutus, thank yourself.This tongue had not offended so todayIf Cassius might have ruled.Come, come, the cause. If arguing make us sweat,The proof of it will turn to redder drops.
(draws his sword) Look, I draw a
                                sword against conspirators.When think you that the sword goes up again?Never, till Caesar’s three and thirty woundsBe well avenged, or till another CaesarHave added slaughter to the sword of traitors.Caesar, thou canst not die by traitors' handsUnless thou bring’st them with thee.     So
                                I hope.I was not born to die on Brutus' sword.O, if thou wert the noblest of thy strain,Young man, thou couldst not die more honorable.#LBSFORGOLDI took their stings too, wouldn’t you say?Oh, yes, and you’ve left them silent too, because you
                                stole their buzzing, Antony. You very wisely warn us before you
                                sting.Villains, you didn’t do even that much when your vile
                                daggers struck each other as they hacked up Caesar’s sides.
                                You smiled like apes and fawned like dogs and bowed like servants,
                                kissing Caesar’s feet. And all the while, damned Casca,
                                like a dog, struck Caesar on the neck from behind. Oh, you
                                flatterers!Flatterers! Now, Brutus, you have only yourself to thank. Antony
                                wouldn’t be here to offend us today if you’d
                                listened to me earlier.Come, come, let’s remember why we’re here. If
                                arguing makes us sweat, the real trial will turn that water to
                                blood. (he draws his sword) Look: I
                                draw my sword against conspirators. When do you think I’ll
                                put it away? Never, until Caesar’s thirty-three wounds are
                                well avenged, or until I too have been killed by you.Caesar, you’re not going to be killed by a
                                traitor—unless you kill yourself..I hope you’re right. I wasn’t born to die on
                                your sword.If you were the noblest of your family, young man, you
                                couldn’t die more honorably.