
(reads aloud)
“Caesar, beware of Brutus. Take heed of Cassius.
                                Come not near Casca. Have an eye to Cinna. Trust not
                                Trebonius. Mark well Metellus Cimber. Decius
                                Brutus loves thee not. Thou hast wronged Caius
                                Ligarius. There is but one mind in all these men, and
                                it is bent against Caesar. If thou beest not immortal,
                                look about you. Security gives way to conspiracy. The
                                mighty gods defend thee!     Thy lover,     Artemidorus”Here will I stand till Caesar pass along,And as a suitor will I give him this.My heart laments that virtue cannot liveOut of the teeth of emulation.If thou read this, O Caesar, thou mayst live.If not, the Fates with traitors do contrive.#LBSFORGOLD
(reading aloud from the letter)
“Caesar, beware of Brutus. Watch Cassius.
                                Don’t go near Casca. Keep an eye on Cinna. Don’t
                                trust Trebonius. Pay attention to Metellus Cimber. Decius Brutus
                                doesn’t love you. You’ve wronged Caius Ligarius.
                                These men all have one intention, and it’s directed against
                                Caesar. If you aren’t immortal, watch those around you. A
                                sense of security opens the door to conspiracy. I pray that the
                                mighty gods defend you!     Your
                                friend,     Artemidorus.”I’ll stand here until Caesar passes by, and I’ll
                                give him this as though it’s a petition. My heart regrets
                                that good men aren’t safe from the bite of jealous rivals.
                                If you read this, Caesar, you might live. If not, the Fates are on
                                the side of the traitors.