“Brutus” will start a spirit as soon as
                                “Caesar.”Now in the names of all the gods at once,Upon what meat doth this our Caesar feedThat he is grown so great? Age, thou art shamed!Rome, thou hast lost the breed of noble bloods!When went there by an age, since the great flood,But it was famed with more than with one man?When could they say till now, that talked of Rome,That her wide walks encompassed but one man?Now is it Rome indeed, and room enough,When there is in it but one only man.Oh, you and I have heard our fathers say,There was a Brutus once that would have brookedTh' eternal devil to keep his state in RomeAs easily as a king.That you do love me, I am nothing jealous.What you would work me to, I have some aim.How I have thought of this and of these timesI shall recount hereafter. For this present,I would not, so with love I might entreat you,Be any further moved. What you have saidI will consider, what you have to sayI will with patience hear, and find a timeBoth meet to hear and answer such high things.Till then, my noble friend, chew upon this:Brutus had rather be a villagerThan to repute himself a son of RomeUnder these hard conditions as this timeIs like to lay upon us.    I am glad that
                                my weak wordsHave struck but thus much show of fire from Brutus.#LBSFORGOLDCast spells with them, and “Brutus” will
                                call up a ghost as well as “Caesar.” Now, in
                                the name of all the gods, I ask you what food does Caesar eat that
                                has made him grow so great? Our era should be ashamed! Rome has lost
                                the ability to raise noble men! When was there ever an age, since
                                the beginning of time, that didn’t feature more than one
                                famous man? Until now, no one could say that only one man mattered
                                in all of vast Rome. Now, though, in all of Rome, there’s
                                room for only one man. You and I have heard our fathers talk of
                                another Brutus—your ancestor—who
                                would’ve let the devil himself reign in his Roman Republic
                                before he let a king rule.I have no doubt that you love me. I’m beginning to
                                understand what you want me to do. What I think about this, and
                                about what’s happening here in Rome, I’ll tell you
                                later. For now, don’t try to persuade me
                                anymore—I ask you as a friend. I’ll think over
                                what you’ve said, I’ll listen patiently to
                                whatever else you have to say, and I’ll find a good time
                                for us to discuss further such weighty matters. Until then, my noble
                                friend, think about this: I’d rather be a poor villager
                                than call myself a citizen of Rome under the hard conditions that
                                this time is likely to put us through.I’m glad that my weak words have provoked even this small
                                show of protest from you.