Th' abuse of greatness is when it disjoinsRemorse from power. And, to speak truth of Caesar,I have not known when his affections swayedMore than his reason. But ’tis a common proofThat lowliness is young ambition’s ladder,Whereto the climber upward turns his face.But when he once attains the upmost round,He then unto the ladder turns his back,Looks in the clouds, scorning the base degreesBy which he did ascend. So Caesar may.Then, lest he may, prevent. And since the quarrelWill bear no color for the thing he is,Fashion it thus: that what he is, augmented,Would run to these and these extremities.And therefore think him as a serpent’s egg—Which, hatched, would as his kind grow mischievous—And kill him in the shell.The taper burneth in your closet, sir.Searching the window for a flint, I foundThis paper, thus sealed up, and I am sureIt did not lie there when I went to bed.
(gives him a letter)
Get you to bed again. It is not day.Is not tomorrow, boy, the ides of March?I know not, sir.Look in the calendar and bring me word.I will, sir.#LBSFORGOLDRulers abuse their power when they separate it from compassion. To
                                be honest, I’ve never known Caesar to let his emotions get
                                the better of his reason. But everyone knows that an ambitious young
                                man uses humility to advance himself, but when he reaches the top,
                                he turns his back on his supporters and reaches for the skies while
                                scorning those who helped him get where he is. Caesar might act like
                                that. Therefore, in case he does, we must hold him back. And since
                                our quarrel is with his future behavior, not what he does now, I
                                must frame the argument like this: if his position is furthered, his
                                character will fulfill these predictions. And therefore we should
                                liken him to a serpent’s egg—once it has
                                hatched, it becomes dangerous, like all serpents. Thus we must kill
                                him while he’s still in the shell.The candle is burning in your study, sir. While I was looking for
                                a flint to light it, I found this paper on the window, sealed up
                                like this, and I’m sure it wasn’t there when I
                                went to bed. (he gives BRUTUS
                                the letter)
Go back to bed. It isn’t daybreak yet. Is tomorrow the
                                15th of March, boy?I don’t know, sir.Check the calendar and come tell me.I will, sir.