Come hither, sirrah.In Parthia did I take thee prisoner.And then I swore thee, saving of thy life,That whatsoever I did bid thee do,Thou shouldst attempt it. Come now, keep thine oath.
(gives his sword to
                                PINDARUS)
Now be a free man, and with this good swordThat ran through Caesar’s bowels, search this bosom.Stand not to answer. Here take thou the hiltsAnd, when my face is covered, as ’tis now,Guide thou the sword.    Caesar, thou
                                art revenged,Even with the sword that killed thee.
(dies)
So I am free. Yet would not so have been,Durst I have done my will. O Cassius,Far from this country Pindarus shall run,Where never Roman shall take note of him.It is but change, Titinius, for OctaviusIs overthrown by noble Brutus' power,As Cassius' legions are by Antony.These tidings will well comfort Cassius.Where did you leave him?#LBSFORGOLDCome here, boy. I took you prisoner in Parthia, and at that time I
                                made you swear to try to do whatever I ordered you to, except take
                                your own life. Come now, keep your oath.
                                (gives his sword to
                                PINDARUS) Now you’ll be a
                                free man. Take this good sword, which ran through Caesar’s
                                bowels, and plunge it in my chest. Don’t hesitate. Here,
                                take the handle, and when my face is covered as it is now, use the
                                sword.Caesar, you are revenged with the very same sword that killed you.
                                (he dies)
So I’m free. But I didn’t want to be free like
                                this. Oh, Cassius, I’ll run far from this country to where
                                no Romans can find me.The armies have merely changed places, Titinius, because Octavius
                                has been overthrown by noble Brutus’s forces at the very
                                moment that Antony overthrew Cassius’s legions.This news will comfort Cassius.Where did you leave him?