I have as much of this in art as you,But yet my nature could not bear it so.Well, to our work alive. What do you thinkOf marching to Philippi presently?I do not think it good.    Your
                            reason?     This
                                it is:'Tis better that the enemy seek us.So shall he waste his means, weary his soldiers,Doing himself offense, whilst we, lying still,Are full of rest, defense, and nimbleness.Good reasons must of force give place to better.The people ’twixt Philippi and this groundDo stand but in a forced affection,For they have grudged us contribution.The enemy, marching along by them,By them shall make a fuller number up,Come on refreshed, new-added, and encouraged,From which advantage shall we cut him offIf at Philippi we do face him there,These people at our back.    Hear me, good
                                brother—Under your pardon. You must note beside,That we have tried the utmost of our friends,Our legions are brim-full, our cause is ripe.The enemy increaseth every day.We, at the height, are ready to decline.There is a tide in the affairs of men,Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune;Omitted, all the voyage of their lifeIs bound in shallows and in miseries.On such a full sea are we now afloat,And we must take the current when it servesOr lose our ventures.#LBSFORGOLDI’ve practiced Stoicism with as much devotion as you, but
                                I still couldn’t bear this news like you do.Well, let’s move on to our work with the living. What do
                                you think of marching to Philippi immediately?I don’t think it’s a good idea.Why not?Here’s why: it’d be better for the enemy to come
                                after us. That way, he’ll waste his provisions and tire out
                                his soldiers, weakening his own capacities, while we, lying still,
                                are rested, energetic, and nimble.Your reasons are good, but I have better reasons for doing the
                                opposite. The people who live between here and Philippi are loyal to
                                us only because we force them to be. We made them contribute to our
                                efforts against their will. The enemy, marching past them, will add
                                them to its numbers, then come at us refreshed, newly reinforced,
                                and full of courage. Thus we must cut him off from this advantage.
                                If we meet him at Philippi, these people will be at our
                            backs.Listen to me, good brother.Begging your pardon, I’ll continue what I was saying. You
                                must also take into account that we’ve gotten as much from
                                our friends as they can give. Our regiments are full to the brim;
                                our cause is ready.The enemy gets larger each day. We, now at our largest, can only
                                decrease. There’s a tidal movement in men’s
                                affairs. Seizing the highest tide leads on to fortune. If high tide
                                is let to pass, all the rest of the voyage of their lives will be
                                marked by difficulty and misery. It’s on such a high tide
                                that we’re now floating, and we must take the current when
                                it is offered, or lose our campaign.