That Caesar is more dangerous than he.We are two lions littered in one day,And I the elder and more terrible.And Caesar shall go forth.    Alas, my lord,Your wisdom is consumed in confidence.Do not go forth today. Call it my fearThat keeps you in the house, and not your own.We’ll send Mark Antony to the senate house,And he shall say you are not well today.
(kneels) Let me, upon my knee,
                                prevail in this.Mark Antony shall say I am not well,And for thy humor I will stay at home.Here’s Decius Brutus. He shall tell them so.Caesar, all hail! Good morrow, worthy Caesar.I come to fetch you to the senate house.And you are come in very happy timeTo bear my greeting to the senatorsAnd tell them that I will not come today.“Cannot” is false, and that I dare not,
                                falser.I will not come today. Tell them so, Decius.Say he is sick.   Shall Caesar send a lie?Have I in conquest stretched mine arm so farTo be afraid to tell graybeards the truth?#LBSFORGOLDDanger knows that Caesar is more dangerous than he is.
                                We’re two lions born on the same day in the same litter,
                                and I’m the older and more terrible. I will go out.Alas, my lord, your confidence is getting the better of your
                                wisdom. Don’t go out today. Say that it’s my fear
                                that keeps you inside and not your own. We’ll send Mark
                                Antony to the senate house, and he’ll say that
                                you’re sick today.
                                (she kneels) Let me, on my knees, win
                                you over to this plan.All right. Mark Antony will say I’m not well, and to
                                please you I’ll stay at home.Here’s Decius Brutus. He’ll tell them so.Hail, Caesar! Good morning, worthy Caesar. I’ve come to
                                take you to the senate house.And you’ve come at a good time, so you can convey my
                                greetings to the senators and tell them I won’t come today.
                                It wouldn’t be true to say that I
                                can’t come, and even less
                                true to say that I don’t
                                dare come. I simply
                                won’t come today. Tell them
                                so, Decius.Say he’s sick.Would I send a lie? Have I accomplished so much in battle, but now
                                I’m afraid to tell some old men the truth?