We will be satisfied! Let us be satisfied!Then follow me and give me audience, friends.—Cassius, go you into the other streetAnd part the numbers.—Those that will hear me speak, let 'em stay
                                here.Those that will follow Cassius, go with him,And public reasons shall be renderèdOf Caesar’s death.    I will hear
                                Brutus speak.I will hear Cassius and compare their reasonsWhen severally we hear them renderèd.The noble Brutus is ascended. Silence!Be patient till the last.
Romans, countrymen, and lovers! Hear me for my cause,
and be silent that you may hear. Believe me for mine honor,
and have respect to mine honor that you may believe.
Censure me in your wisdom, and awake your senses that
you may the better judge. If there be any in this assembly,
any dear friend of Caesar’s, to him I say that
                                Brutus' love to
Caesar was no less than his. If then that friend demand why
Brutus rose against Caesar, this is my answer: not that I
loved Caesar less, but that I loved Rome more.
#LBSFORGOLDWe want answers. Give us answers.Then follow me and listen to my speech, friends. Cassius, go to
                                the next street and divide the crowd. Let those who will hear me
                                speak stay. Lead those away who will follow you, and we’ll
                                explain publicly the reasons for Caesar’s death.I’ll listen to Brutus.I’ll listen to Cassius, and we will compare their
                                reasons.Quiet! Noble Brutus has mounted the platform.Be patient until I finish. Romans, countrymen, and friends! Listen
                                to my reasons and be silent so you can hear. Believe me on my honor
                                and keep my honor in mind, so you may believe me. Be wise when you
                                criticize me and keep your minds alert so you can judge me fairly.
                                If there’s anyone in this assembly, any dear friend of
                                Caesar’s, I say to him that my love for Caesar was no less
                                than his. If, then, that friend demands to know why I rose up
                                against Caesar, this is my answer: it’s not that I loved
                                Caesar less, but that I loved Rome more.