Had you rather Caesar were living and die all slaves, than
that Caesar were dead, to live all free men? As Caesar loved
me, I weep for him. As he was fortunate, I rejoice at it. As
he was valiant, I honor him. But, as he was ambitious, I slew
him. There is tears for his love, joy for his fortune, honor for
his valor, and death for his ambition. Who is here so base
that would be a bondman? If any, speak—for him have I
offended. Who is here so rude that would not be a Roman?
If any, speak—for him have I offended. Who is here so
                                vile
that will not love his country? If any, speak—for him
                                have
I offended. I pause for a reply.
None, Brutus, none.Then none have I offended. I have done no more to Caesar
than you shall do to Brutus. The question of his death is
enrolled in the Capitol. His glory not extenuated wherein
he was worthy, nor his offenses enforced for which he
suffered death.
Here comes his body, mourned by Mark Antony, who,
though he had no hand in his death, shall receive the benefit
of his dying—a place in the
                                commonwealth—as which of
you shall not? With this I depart: that, as I slew my best
lover for the good of Rome, I have the same dagger for
myself when it shall please my country to need my death.
Live, Brutus! Live, live!Bring him with triumph home unto his house!#LBSFORGOLDWould you rather that Caesar were living and we would all go to
                                our graves as slaves, or that Caesar were dead and we all lived as
                                free men? I weep for Caesar in that he was good to me. I rejoice in
                                his good fortune. I honor him for being brave. But his
                                ambition—for that, I killed him. There are tears for his
                                love, joy for his fortune, honor for his bravery, and death for his
                                ambition. Who here is so low that he wants to be a slave? If there
                                are any, speak, for it is he whom I’ve offended. Who here
                                is so barbarous that he doesn’t want to be a Roman? If
                                there are any, speak, for it is he whom I’ve offended. Who
                                here is so vile that he doesn’t love his country? If there
                                are any, speak, for it is he whom I have offended. I will pause for
                                a reply.No one, Brutus, no one.Then I have offended no one. I’ve done no more to Caesar
                                than you will do to me. The reasons for his death are recorded in
                                the Capitol. His glory has not been diminished where he earned it,
                                nor have those offenses for which he was killed been
                            exaggerated.Here comes his body, mourned by Mark Antony, who, though he had no
                                part in the killing, will benefit from his
                                death—receiving a share in the commonwealth, as you all
                                will. With these words I leave. Just as I killed my best friend for
                                the good of Rome, so will I kill myself when my country requires my
                                death.Live, Brutus! Live, live!Let’s carry him in triumph to his house!