What does he say of Brutus?     He
                                says for Brutus' sakeHe finds himself beholding to us all.'Twere best he speak no harm of Brutus here.This Caesar was a tyrant.    Nay,
                                that’s certain.We are blest that Rome is rid of him.Peace! Let us hear what Antony can say.You gentle Romans—    Peace, ho! Let
                                us hear him.Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears.I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him.The evil that men do lives after them;The good is oft interrèd with their bones.So let it be with Caesar. The noble BrutusHath told you Caesar was ambitious.If it were so, it was a grievous fault,And grievously hath Caesar answered it.Here, under leave of Brutus and the rest—For Brutus is an honorable man;So are they all, all honorable men—Come I to speak in Caesar’s funeral.He was my friend, faithful and just to me.But Brutus says he was ambitious,And Brutus is an honorable man.He hath brought many captives home to RomeWhose ransoms did the general coffers fill.#LBSFORGOLDWhat does he say about Brutus?He says that for Brutus’s sake he finds himself indebted
                                to us all.He’d better not speak badly of Brutus here.Caesar was a tyrant.That’s for sure. We’re lucky that Rome is rid of
                                him.Quiet! Let’s hear what Antony has to say.You gentle Romans—Quiet there! Let us hear him.Friends, Romans, countrymen, give me your attention. I have come
                                here to bury Caesar, not to praise him. The evil that men do is
                                remembered after their deaths, but the good is often buried with
                                them. It might as well be the same with Caesar. The noble Brutus
                                told you that Caesar was ambitious. If that’s true,
                                it’s a serious fault, and Caesar has paid seriously for it.
                                With the permission of Brutus and the others—for Brutus
                                is an honorable man; they are all honorable men—I have
                                come here to speak at Caesar’s funeral. He was my friend,
                                he was faithful and just to me. But Brutus says he was ambitious,
                                and Brutus is an honorable man. He brought many captives home to
                                Rome whose ransoms brought wealth to the city.