Why, sir, cobble you.Thou art a cobbler, art thou?Truly, sir, all that I live by is with the awl. I meddle with no
tradesman’s matters nor women’s matters, but
                                withal I am
indeed, sir, a surgeon to old shoes. When they are in great
danger, I recover them. As proper men as ever trod upon
neat’s leather have gone upon my handiwork.
But wherefore art not in thy shop today?Why dost thou lead these men about the streets?Truly, sir, to wear out their shoes to get myself into more
work. But indeed, sir, we make holiday to see Caesar and to
rejoice in his triumph.
Wherefore rejoice? What conquest brings he home?What tributaries follow him to RomeTo grace in captive bonds his chariot wheels?You blocks, you stones, you worse than senseless things,O you hard hearts, you cruèl men of Rome,Knew you not Pompey? Many a time and oftHave you climbed up to walls and battlements,To towers and windows, yea, to chimney tops,Your infants in your arms, and there have satThe livelong day with patient expectationTo see great Pompey pass the streets of Rome.And when you saw his chariot but appear,Have you not made an universal shoutThat Tiber trembled underneath her banksTo hear the replication of your soundsMade in her concave shores?And do you now put on your best attire?And do you now cull out a holiday?#LBSFORGOLDCobble you, sir.You’re a cobbler, are you?Sir, I make my living using an awl. I stick to my work; I
                                don’t meddle in politics or chase women. I’m a
                                surgeon to old shoes. When they’re endangered, I save them.
                                The noblest men who ever walked on leather have walked on my
                                handiwork.But why aren’t you in your shop today? Why are you
                                leading these men through the streets?Well, to wear out their shoes and get myself more work. Seriously,
                                though, we took the day off to see Caesar, sir, and celebrate his
                                triumph.Why would you celebrate it? What victory does he bring home? What
                                foreign lands has he conquered and captive foreigners chained to his
                                chariot wheels? You blockheads, you unfeeling men! You hard hearts,
                                you cruel men of Rome, didn’t you know PompeyCaesar has just conquered the sons of his deceased enemy Pompey. He as won in a civil war, not a foreign conquest.Pompey? Many times
                                you climbed up on walls and battlements, towers and
                                windows—even chimney tops—with your babies
                                in your arms, and sat there patiently all day waiting to see great
                                Pompey ride through the streets of Rome. And when you caught a
                                glimpse of his chariot, didn’t you shout so loud that the
                                river Tiber shook as it echoed? And now you put on your best
                                clothes? And now you take a holiday?