Nay, press not so upon me. Stand far off.Stand back. Room! Bear back.If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.You all do know this mantle. I rememberThe first time ever Caesar put it on.'Twas on a summer’s evening in his tent,That day he overcame the Nervii.Look, in this place ran Cassius' dagger through.See what a rent the envious Casca made.Through this the well-belovèd Brutus stabbed.And as he plucked his cursèd steel away,Mark how the blood of Caesar followed it,As rushing out of doors, to be resolvedIf Brutus so unkindly knocked, or no.For Brutus, as you know, was Caesar’s angel.Judge, O you gods, how dearly Caesar loved him!This was the most unkindest cut of all.For when the noble Caesar saw him stab,Ingratitude, more strong than traitors' arms,Quite vanquished him. Then burst his mighty heart,And, in his mantle muffling up his face,Even at the base of Pompey’s statue,Which all the while ran blood, great Caesar fell.O, what a fall was there, my countrymen!Then I, and you, and all of us fell down,Whilst bloody treason flourished over us.Oh, now you weep, and, I perceive, you feelThe dint of pity. These are gracious drops.Kind souls, what, weep you when you but beholdOur Caesar’s vesture wounded? Look you here,Here is himself, marred, as you see, with traitors.
(lifts up
                                CAESAR's mantle)
#LBSFORGOLDNo, don’t press up against me. Stand further away.Stand back. Give him room.If you have tears, prepare to shed them now. You all know this
                                cloak. I remember the first time Caesar ever put it on. It was a
                                summer’s evening; he was in his tent. It was the day he
                                overcame the Nervii warriors. Look, here’s where
                                Cassius’s dagger pierced it. See the wound that Casca made.
                                Through this hole beloved Brutus stabbed. And when he pulled out his
                                cursed dagger, see how Caesar’s blood came with it, as if
                                rushing out a door to see if it was really Brutus who was knocking
                                so rudely. For Brutus, as you know, was Caesar’s angel. The
                                gods know how dearly Caesar loved him! This was the most unkind cut
                                of all. For when the noble Caesar saw him stab, he understood his
                                beloved Brutus’s ingratitude; it was stronger than the
                                violence of traitors, and it defeated him, bursting his mighty
                                heart. And at the base of Pompey’s statue, with his cloak
                                covering his face, which was dripping with blood the whole time,
                                great Caesar fell. Oh, what a fall it was, my countrymen! Then you
                                and I and all of us fell down, while bloody treason triumphed. Oh,
                                now you weep, and I sense that you feel pity. These are gracious
                                tears. But if it overwhelms you to look at Caesar’s wounded
                                cloak, how will you feel, kind men, now? Look at this, here is the
                                man—scarred, as you can see, by traitors.
                                (he lifts up
                                CAESAR's cloak)
