What Antony shall speak, I will protest,He speaks by leave and by permission,And that we are contented Caesar shallHave all true rites and lawful ceremonies.It shall advantage more than do us wrong.
(aside to
                                BRUTUS) I know not what may fall. I
                                like it not.Mark Antony, here, take you Caesar’s body.You shall not in your funeral speech blame us,But speak all good you can devise of Caesar,And say you do ’t by our permission.Else shall you not have any hand at allAbout his funeral. And you shall speakIn the same pulpit whereto I am going,After my speech is ended.Be it so.I do desire no more.Prepare the body then, and follow us.O, pardon me, thou bleeding piece of earth,That I am meek and gentle with these butchers!Thou art the ruins of the noblest manThat ever livèd in the tide of times.Woe to the hand that shed this costly blood!Over thy wounds now do I prophesy—Which, like dumb mouths, do ope their ruby lipsTo beg the voice and utterance of my tongue—A curse shall light upon the limbs of men.#LBSFORGOLDWhat Antony says, I’ll announce, he says only by our
                                permission and by our conviction that Caesar should be honored with
                                all the usual and lawful ceremonies. It’ll help us more
                                than hurt us.
(speaking so that only BRUTUS
                                can hear) I’m worried about
                                the outcome of his speech. I don’t like this plan.Mark Antony, take Caesar’s body. You will not blame us in
                                your funeral speech, but will say all the good you want to about
                                Caesar and that you do it by our permission. Otherwise,
                                you’ll have no role at all in his funeral. And
                                you’ll speak on the same platform as I do, after
                                I’m done.So be it. I don’t want anything more.Prepare the body, then, and follow us.Oh, pardon me, you bleeding corpse, for speaking politely and
                                acting mildly with these butchers! You are what’s left of
                                the noblest man that ever lived. Pity the hand that shed this
                                valuable blood. Over your wounds—which, like speechless
                                mouths, open their red lips, as though to beg me to
                                speak—I predict that a curse will fall upon the bodies
                                of men.