    Dwell I but in
                                the suburbsOf your good pleasure? If it be no more,Portia is Brutus' harlot, not his wife.You are my true and honorable wife,As dear to me as are the ruddy dropsThat visit my sad heart.If this were true, then should I know this secret.I grant I am a woman, but withalA woman that Lord Brutus took to wife.I grant I am a woman, but withalA woman well-reputed, Cato’s daughter.Think you I am no stronger than my sex,Being so fathered and so husbanded?Tell me your counsels. I will not disclose 'em.I have made strong proof of my constancy,Giving myself a voluntary woundHere in the thigh. Can I bear that with patience,And not my husband’s secrets?     O
                                ye gods,Render me worthy of this noble wife!Hark, hark! One knocks. Portia, go in awhile.And by and by thy bosom shall partakeThe secrets of my heart.All my engagements I will construe to thee,All the charactery of my sad brows.Leave me with haste.Lucius, who’s that knocking?#LBSFORGOLDIs my place only on the outskirts of your happiness? If
                                it’s nothing more than that, then I’m your whore,
                                not your wife.You’re my true and honorable wife, as dear to me as the
                                blood that runs through my sad heart.If that were true, then I’d know your secret. I admit
                                I’m only a woman, but nevertheless I’m the woman
                                Lord Brutus took for his wife. I admit I’m only a woman,
                                but I’m still a woman from a noble
                                family—I’m Cato’s daughter. Do you
                                really think I’m no stronger than the rest of my sex, with
                                such a father and such a husband? Tell me your secrets. I
                                won’t betray them. I’ve proved my trustworthiness
                                by giving myself a voluntary wound here in my thigh. If I can bear
                                that pain, then I can bear my husband’s secrets.Oh, gods, make me worthy of this noble wife!Listen! Someone knocks. Portia, go inside awhile, and soon enough
                                you’ll share the secrets of my heart. I’ll explain
                                all that I have committed to do and all the reasons for my sad face.
                                Leave me quickly.Lucius, who’s that knocking?