Boy! Lucius!—Fast asleep? It is no matter.Enjoy the honey-heavy dew of slumber.Thou hast no figures nor no fantasies,Which busy care draws in the brains of men.Therefore thou sleep’st so sound.     Brutus,
                                my lord.Portia, what mean you? Wherefore rise you now?It is not for your health thus to commitYour weak condition to the raw, cold morning.Nor for yours neither. Y' have ungently, Brutus,Stole from my bed. And yesternight, at supper,You suddenly arose and walked about,Musing and sighing, with your arms across,And when I asked you what the matter was,You stared upon me with ungentle looks.I urged you further, then you scratched your headAnd too impatiently stamped with your foot.Yet I insisted; yet you answered not,But with an angry wafture of your handGave sign for me to leave you. So I did,Fearing to strengthen that impatienceWhich seemed too much enkindled, and withalHoping it was but an effect of humor,Which sometime hath his hour with every man.It will not let you eat nor talk nor sleep,And could it work so much upon your shapeAs it hath much prevailed on your condition,I should not know you, Brutus. Dear my lord,Make me acquainted with your cause of grief.#LBSFORGOLDBoy! Lucius! Fast asleep? Well, enjoy the sweetness of deep sleep.
                                Your brain isn’t stuffed with the strange shapes and
                                fantasies that come to men who are overwhelmed by worries.
                                That’s why you sleep so soundly.Brutus, my lord.Portia, what are you doing awake? It isn’t good for your
                                health to expose your weak body to the raw, cold morning.It’s not good for your health, either. You rudely snuck
                                out of bed. And last night at dinner, you got up abruptly and paced
                                back and forth with your arms crossed, brooding and sighing, and
                                when I asked you what was the matter, you gave me a dirty look. I
                                asked you again, and you scratched your head and stamped your foot
                                impatiently. I still insisted on knowing what the matter was, but
                                you wouldn’t answer me, instead giving me an angry wave of
                                your hand and telling me to leave you alone. So I left, afraid of
                                further provoking anger that was already inflamed but still hoping
                                this was merely moodiness, which everyone is affected by once in
                                awhile. Your strange mood won’t let you eat or talk or
                                sleep. If it had changed your outward appearance as much as it has
                                affected you on the inside, I wouldn’t even be able to
                                recognize you, Brutus. My dear lord, tell me what’s
                                bothering you.