Not I.I pray you, do.I am not gamesome. I do lack some partOf that quick spirit that is in Antony.Let me not hinder, Cassius, your desires.I’ll leave you.Brutus, I do observe you now of lateI have not from your eyes that gentlenessAnd show of love as I was wont to have.You bear too stubborn and too strange a handOver your friend that loves you.     Cassius,Be not deceived. If I have veiled my look,I turn the trouble of my countenanceMerely upon myself. Vexèd I amOf late with passions of some difference,Conceptions only proper to myself,Which give some soil perhaps to my behaviors.But let not therefore, my good friends, be grieved—Among which number, Cassius, be you one—Nor construe any further my neglectThan that poor Brutus, with himself at war,Forgets the shows of love to other men.Then, Brutus, I have much mistook your passion,By means whereof this breast of mine hath buriedThoughts of great value, worthy cogitations.Tell me, good Brutus, can you see your face?No, Cassius, for the eye sees not itselfBut by reflection, by some other things.#LBSFORGOLDNot me.Please, come.I don’t like sports. I’m not competitive like
                                Antony. But don’t let me keep you from going, Cassius.
                                I’ll go my own way.Brutus, I’ve been watching you lately. You seem less
                                good-natured and affectionate toward me than usual. You’ve
                                been stubborn and unfamiliar with me, your friend who loves
                            you.Cassius, don’t take it badly. If I seem guarded,
                                it’s only because I’m uneasy with
                                myself. Lately I’ve been
                                overwhelmed with private thoughts and inner conflicts, which have
                                affected my behavior. But this shouldn’t trouble my good
                                friends—and I consider you a good friend, Cassius.
                                Don’t think anything more about my distraction than that
                                poor Brutus, who is at war with himself, forgets to show affection
                                to others.Brutus, I misunderstood your feelings, and therefore kept to
                                myself certain thoughts I might have shared. Tell me, good Brutus,
                                can you see your face?No, Cassius. The eye can’t see itself, except by
                                reflection in other surfaces.