For your life you durst not.Do not presume too much upon my love.I may do that I shall be sorry for.You have done that you should be sorry for.There is no terror, Cassius, in your threats,For I am armed so strong in honestyThat they pass by me as the idle wind,Which I respect not. I did send to youFor certain sums of gold, which you denied me,For I can raise no money by vile means.By heaven, I had rather coin my heartAnd drop my blood for drachmas than to wringFrom the hard hands of peasants their vile trashBy any indirection. I did sendTo you for gold to pay my legions,Which you denied me. Was that done like Cassius?Should I have answered Caius Cassius so?When Marcus Brutus grows so covetousTo lock such rascal counters from his friends,Be ready, gods, with all your thunderbolts.Dash him to pieces!    I denied you
                                not.You did.  I did not. He was but a fool that
                                broughtMy answer back. Brutus hath rived my heart.A friend should bear his friend’s infirmities,But Brutus makes mine greater than they are.I do not, till you practice them on me.#LBSFORGOLDYou wouldn’t have dared, out of fear for your
                            life.Don’t take my love for granted. I might do something
                                I’ll be sorry for.You’ve already done something you should be sorry for.
                                Your threats don’t scare me, Cassius, because I’m
                                so secure in my honesty and integrity that they pass me by like a
                                weak breeze. I asked you for a certain amount of gold, which you
                                wouldn’t give me. I myself can’t raise money by
                                unethical means. I’d rather turn my heart into money and my
                                drops of blood into coins than use crooked tactics to wring petty
                                cash from the hardworking hands of peasants. I asked you for gold to
                                pay my soldiers, and you wouldn’t give it to me. Was that
                                the Caius Cassius that I knew? And would I have ever done that to
                                you? If I ever get so greedy that I hoard such petty cash from my
                                friends, may the gods dash me to pieces with their
                            thunderbolts!I didn’t refuse you.You did.I didn’t. The man who brought my answer to you was a
                                fool. You have broken my heart. A friend should put up with his
                                friend’s weaknesses, but you exaggerate mine.I don’t until you practice them on me.