And leave us, Publius, lest that the people,Rushing on us, should do your age some mischief.Do so. And let no man abide this deedBut we the doers.Where is Antony?Fled to his house amazed.Men, wives, and children stare, cry out, and runAs it were doomsday.    Fates, we will
                                know your pleasures.That we shall die, we know. 'Tis but the time,And drawing days out, that men stand upon.Why, he that cuts off twenty years of lifeCuts off so many years of fearing death.Grant that, and then is death a benefit.So are we Caesar’s friends, that have abridgedHis time of fearing death. Stoop, Romans, stoop,And let us bathe our hands in Caesar’s bloodUp to the elbows, and besmear our swords.Then walk we forth, even to the marketplace,And waving our red weapons o'er our headsLet’s all cry, “Peace, freedom, and
                                liberty!”Stoop, then, and wash.#LBSFORGOLDAnd leave us, Publius, in case the people storming us should harm
                                you.Do so. And let no one suffer for this deed except us, the
                                perpetrators.Where’s Antony?He ran to his house, stunned. Men, wives, and children stare, cry
                                out, and run in the streets as though it were doomsday.We’ll soon find out what fate has in store for us. All we
                                know is that we’ll die sometime, which is all anyone ever
                                knows, though we try to draw out our days for as long as
                            possible.Why, the man who shortens his life by twenty years cuts off twenty
                                years of worrying about death.So, then, death is a gift, and we are Caesar’s friends,
                                for we’ve done him a service by shortening his time spent
                                fearing death. Kneel, Romans, kneel, and let’s wash our
                                hands, up to the elbows, in Caesar’s blood and smear it on
                                our swords. Then we’ll go out, even to the marketplace,
                                and, waving our bloody swords over our heads, let’s cry,
                                “Peace, freedom, and liberty!”Kneel then, and wash.