You know that I held Epicurus strongAnd his opinion. Now I change my mind,And partly credit things that do presage.Coming from Sardis, on our former ensignTwo mighty eagles fell, and there they perched,Gorging and feeding from our soldiers' hands,Who to Philippi here consorted us.This morning are they fled away and gone,And in their steads do ravens, crows, and kitesFly o'er our heads and downward look on usAs we were sickly prey. Their shadows seemA canopy most fatal, under whichOur army lies, ready to give up the ghost.Believe not so.   I but believe it partly,For I am fresh of spirit and resolvedTo meet all perils very constantly.
(returning with
                                LUCILLIUS) Even so, Lucillius.    Now, most
                                noble Brutus,The gods today stand friendly that we may,Lovers in peace, lead on our days to age.But since the affairs of men rest still incertain,Let’s reason with the worst that may befall.If we do lose this battle, then is thisThe very last time we shall speak together.What are you then determinèd to do?#LBSFORGOLDYou know that I used to believe in Epicurus and his disregard for
                                omens. I’ve changed my mind now and partly believe in
                                omens. Traveling from Sardis, two mighty eagles fell on our front
                                flag and perched there, eating from the hands of the soldiers
                                who’d accompanied us to Philippi. This morning,
                                they’ve flown away and in their place are ravens, crows,
                                and kites, flying over our heads and looking down on us, as though
                                we were sickly prey. Their shadows are like a deadly canopy, under
                                which our army lies, ready to die.Don’t believe in this.I only partly believe it, for I’m enthusiastic and
                                resolved to meet all dangers without wavering.
(returning with
                                LUCILLIUS) —Right,
                                Lucillius.Now, most noble Brutus, the gods are friendly with us today so
                                that we, who want peace, can live on to old age! But since the
                                affairs of men are always uncertain, let’s think about the
                                worst that may happen. If we lose this battle, this is the last time
                                we’ll speak to each other. If we lose, what do you plan to
                                do?