If I myself, there is no hour so fitAs Caesar’s death’s hour, nor no instrumentOf half that worth as those your swords, made richWith the most noble blood of all this world.I do beseech ye, if you bear me hard,Now, whilst your purpled hands do reek and smoke,Fulfill your pleasure. Live a thousand years,I shall not find myself so apt to die.No place will please me so, no mean of death,As here by Caesar, and by you cut off,The choice and master spirits of this age.O Antony, beg not your death of us.Though now we must appear bloody and cruel—As by our hands and this our present actYou see we do—yet see you but our handsAnd this the bleeding business they have done.Our hearts you see not. They are pitiful.And pity to the general wrong of Rome—As fire drives out fire, so pity pity—Hath done this deed on Caesar. For your part,To you our swords have leaden points, Mark Antony.Our arms in strength of malice and our heartsOf brothers' temper do receive you inWith all kind love, good thoughts, and reverence.Your voice shall be as strong as any man’sIn the disposing of new dignities.Only be patient till we have appeasedThe multitude, beside themselves with fear,And then we will deliver you the cause,Why I, that did love Caesar when I struck him,Have thus proceeded.#LBSFORGOLDIf it’s me, there’s no time as good as this hour
                                of Caesar’s death, and no weapon better than your swords,
                                covered with the noblest blood in the world. I ask you, if you have
                                a grudge against me, to kill me now, while your stained hands still
                                reek of blood. I could live a thousand years and I wouldn’t
                                be as ready to die as I am now. There’s no place
                                I’d rather die than here by Caesar, and no manner of death
                                would please me more than being stabbed by you, the masters of this
                                new era.Oh, Antony, don’t beg us to kill you. Though we seem
                                bloody and cruel right now, with our bloody hands and this deed
                                we’ve done, you’ve only seen our hands and their
                                bloody business; you haven’t looked into our hearts. They
                                are full of pity for Caesar. But a stronger pity, for the wrongs
                                committed against Rome, drove out our pity for Caesar, as fire
                                drives out fire, and so we killed him. For you, our swords have
                                blunt edges, too dull to harm you, Mark Antony. Our arms, which can
                                be strong and cruel, and our hearts, filled with brotherly love,
                                embrace you with kind love, good thoughts, and reverence.Your vote will be as strong as anyone’s in the reordering
                                of the government.But just be patient until we’ve calmed the masses, who
                                are beside themselves with fear. Then we’ll explain to you
                                why I, who loved Caesar even while I stabbed him, have taken this
                                course of action.