Stand close awhile, for here comes one in haste.'Tis Cinna. I do know him by his gait.He is a friend.—Cinna, where haste you so?To find out you. Who’s that? Metellus Cimber?No, it is Casca, one incorporateTo our attempts. Am I not stayed for, Cinna?I am glad on ’t. What a fearful night is this!There’s two or three of us have seen strange
                            sights.Am I not stayed for? Tell me.Yes, you are.O Cassius, if you couldBut win the noble Brutus to our party—Be you content. Good Cinna, take this paper,And look you lay it in the praetor’s chairWhere Brutus may but find it. And throw thisIn at his window. Set this up with waxUpon old Brutus' statue. All this done,Repair to Pompey’s porch, where you shall find us.Is Decius Brutus and Trebonius there?All but Metellus Cimber, and he’s goneTo seek you at your house. Well, I will hie,And so bestow these papers as you bade me.That done, repair to Pompey’s theatre.#LBSFORGOLDHide for a minute—someone’s approaching
                            fast.It’s Cinna. I recognize his walk. He’s a friend.
                                Cinna, where are you going in such a hurry?To find you. Who’s that? Metellus Cimber?No, it’s Casca, someone who’s going to work with
                                us. Aren’t the others waiting for me, Cinna?I’m glad Casca is with us. What a fearful night this is!
                                Two or three of us have seen strange things.Are the others waiting? Tell me.Yes, they are. Oh, Cassius, if you could only convince Brutus to
                                join us—Don’t worry. Good Cinna, take this paper and be sure to
                                lay it in the judge’s chair where Brutus sits, so
                                he’ll find it. And throw this one in his window, and attach
                                this one with wax to the statue of Brutus’s ancestor, old
                                Brutus. When you’ve finished all this, return to the porch
                                of Pompey’s theater, where you’ll find us. Are
                                Decius Brutus and Trebonius there?Everyone’s there except Metellus Cimber, and
                                he’s gone to look for you at your house. Well,
                                I’ll hurry and put these papers where you told me.When you’ve finished, go back to Pompey’s
                                theater.