You love me not.    I do not like
                                your faults.A friendly eye could never see such faults.A flatterer’s would not, though they do appearAs huge as high Olympus.Come, Antony, and young Octavius, come,Revenge yourselves alone on Cassius,For Cassius is aweary of the world—Hated by one he loves; braved by his brother;Checked like a bondman, all his faults observed,Set in a notebook, learned, and conned by roteTo cast into my teeth. Oh, I could weepMy spirit from mine eyes.
(offers BRUTUS
                                his bared dagger) There is my dagger.And here my naked breast. Within, a heartDearer than Plutus' mine, richer than gold.If that thou beest a Roman, take it forth.I, that denied thee gold, will give my heart.Strike, as thou didst at Caesar. For I knowWhen thou didst hate him worst, thou lovedst him betterThan ever thou lovedst Cassius.     Sheathe
                                your dagger.Be angry when you will, it shall have scope.Do what you will, dishonor shall be humor.O Cassius, you are yokèd with a lambThat carries anger as the flint bears fire,Who, much enforcèd, shows a hasty sparkAnd straight is cold again.#LBSFORGOLDYou don’t love me.I don’t like your faults.A friend would never see those faults.No, a flatterer wouldn’t, even if the faults were as huge
                                as Mount Olympus.Come, Antony and young Octavius! Get your revenge on Cassius,
                                because Cassius has grown tired of the world. He’s hated by
                                someone he loves, defied by his brother, rebuked like a servant, all
                                his faults observed, catalogued in a notebook, read, and committed
                                to memory so they can be thrown in his face. Oh, I could weep my
                                soul right out of myself! There’s my dagger
                                (he offers BRUTUS
                                his unsheathed dagger), and
                                here’s my bare chest. Inside it is a heart more valuable
                                than Pluto’sPluto is the god of the underworld, and Plutus is the god of wealth. The two are often confused or combined, as they are here.Pluto’s silver mine and richer than gold. If
                                you’re a Roman, take my heart out. I, who denied you gold,
                                will give you my heart. Strike as you did at Caesar, for I know even
                                when you hated him the most, you still loved him better than you
                                ever loved me.Put away your dagger. Be angry whenever you like, it’s
                                all right with me. Do whatever you want, and I’ll say your
                                insults are just a bad mood. Oh, Cassius, you’re partners
                                with a quiet lamb. My anger is like a flint striking—a
                                brief spark, and then I’m cold again.