So is he now in executionOf any bold or noble enterprise,However he puts on this tardy form.This rudeness is a sauce to his good wit,Which gives men stomach to digest his wordsWith better appetite.And so it is. For this time I will leave you.Tomorrow, if you please to speak with me,I will come home to you. Or, if you will,Come home to me, and I will wait for you.I will do so. Till then, think of the world.Well, Brutus, thou art noble. Yet I seeThy honorable mettle may be wroughtFrom that it is disposed. Therefore it is meetThat noble minds keep ever with their likes,For who so firm that cannot be seduced?Caesar doth bear me hard, but he loves Brutus.If I were Brutus now and he were Cassius,He should not humor me. I will this night,In several hands, in at his windows throw,As if they came from several citizens,Writings all tending to the great opinionThat Rome holds of his name, wherein obscurelyCaesar’s ambition shall be glancèd at.And after this let Caesar seat him sure,For we will shake him, or worse days endure.#LBSFORGOLDHe’s still sharp when it comes to carrying out a bold or
                                noble enterprise, though he puts on this show of stupidity. He
                                speaks roughly, but what he says is smart, and his roughness makes
                                other people enjoy listening to him.You’re right, that’s how it is. I’ll
                                leave you for now. If you’d like to talk tomorrow,
                                I’ll come to your home. Or, if you don’t mind,
                                come to my home, and I’ll wait for you.I’ll do so. Until then, think about the well-being of
                                Rome.Well, Brutus, you’re noble. Yet I see that your honorable
                                character can be bent from its usual shape, which proves that good
                                men should stick only to the company of other good men, because who
                                is so firm that he can’t be seduced? Caesar resents me, but
                                he loves Brutus. If I were Brutus now and Brutus were me, I
                                wouldn’t have let him influence me. Tonight I’ll
                                throw through his window a few letters in different
                                handwriting—as if they came from several
                                citizens—all testifying to the great respect Romans have
                                for Brutus, and all alluding to Caesar’s unseemly ambition.
                                And after this, let Caesar brace himself, for we’ll either
                                dethrone him or suffer even worse than now.