Decius, go tell them Caesar will not come.Most mighty Caesar, let me know some cause,Lest I be laughed at when I tell them so.The cause is in my will. I will not come.That is enough to satisfy the senate.But for your private satisfaction,Because I love you, I will let you know.Calphurnia here, my wife, stays me at home.She dreamt tonight she saw my statue,Which, like a fountain with an hundred spouts,Did run pure blood. And many lusty RomansCame smiling and did bathe their hands in it.And these does she apply for warnings and portentsAnd evils imminent, and on her kneeHath begged that I will stay at home today.This dream is all amiss interpreted.It was a vision fair and fortunate.Your statue spouting blood in many pipes,In which so many smiling Romans bathed,Signifies that from you great Rome shall suckReviving blood, and that great men shall pressFor tinctures, stains, relics, and cognizance.This by Calphurnia’s dream is signified.And this way have you well expounded it.I have, when you have heard what I can say.And know it now: the senate have concludedTo give this day a crown to mighty Caesar.#LBSFORGOLDDecius, go tell them that Caesar won’t come.Most mighty Caesar, give me some reason, so I won’t be
                                laughed at when I tell them so.The reason is that it’s what I want. I’m not
                                coming. That’s enough for the senate. But for your private
                                satisfaction, because I love you, I’ll tell you.
                                Calphurnia, my wife, is keeping me at home. Last night, she dreamed
                                she saw a statue of me with a hundred holes in it, like a fountain
                                with pure blood flowing from it, and many happy Romans came smiling
                                and washed their hands in it. She takes these signs for warnings and
                                predictions of terrible evils to come, and, on her knee, she begged
                                me to stay home today.This dream has been interpreted all wrong. It was a good and lucky
                                vision. Your statue spouting blood through many holes, in which many
                                smiling Romans bathed, means that you’ll provide great Rome
                                with sustaining blood, and that great men will strive to get some
                                token of approval from your holy blood. This is what
                                Calphurnia’s dream means.You’ve offered an excellent interpretation.I will have when you hear the rest of what I have to say. The
                                senate has decided to give mighty Caesar a crown today.