But soft, I pray you. What, did Caesar swoon?He fell down in the marketplace, and foamed at mouth, and
was speechless.
'Tis very like. He hath the falling sickness.No, Caesar hath it not. But you and IAnd honest Casca, we have the falling sickness.I know not what you mean by that, but I am sure Caesar fell
down. If the tag-rag people did not clap him and hiss him
according as he pleased and displeased them, as they use to
do the players in the theatre, I am no true man.
What said he when he came unto himself?Marry, before he fell down, when he perceived the common
herd was glad he refused the crown, he plucked me ope his
doublet and offered them his throat to cut. An I had been a
man of any occupation, if I would not have taken him at a
word, I would I might go to hell among the rogues. And so
he fell. When he came to himself again, he said, if he had
done or said anything amiss, he desired their worships to
think it was his infirmity. Three or four wenches where I
stood cried, “Alas, good soul!” and
                                forgave him with all
their hearts. But there’s no heed to be taken of them. If
Caesar had stabbed their mothers they would have done no
less.
And after that he came thus sad away?Ay.#LBSFORGOLDBut wait a minute, please. Did you say Caesar fainted?He fell down in the marketplace and foamed at the mouth and was
                                speechless.That’s very likely. He has epilepsy, a disease where you
                                fall down.No, Caesar doesn’t have epilepsy. You and I, and honest
                                Casca, we have epilepsy—we’ve fallen.I don’t know what you mean by that, but I’m sure
                                Caesar fell down. The rabble applauded and hissed him according to
                                whether he pleased them or displeased them, just like they do to
                                actors in the theater. If they didn’t, I’m a
                            liar.What did he say when he regained consciousness?Indeed, before he fell down, when he realized the commoners were
                                glad he refused the crown, he pulled open his robe and offered them
                                his throat to cut. If I’d been a common laborer and
                                hadn’t taken him up on his offer, to hell with me. And so
                                he fainted. When he regained consciousness again, he said that if
                                he’d done or said anything wrong, he wanted them to know
                                that it was all because of his sickness. Three or four women near me
                                cried, “Alas, good soul!” and forgave him
                                with all their hearts. But never mind them—if Caesar had
                                stabbed their mothers, they would’ve forgiven him.And after that he came back here looking so serious?Yes.