Fierce fiery warriors fought upon the cloudsIn ranks and squadrons and right form of war,Which drizzled blood upon the Capitol.The noise of battle hurtled in the air.Horses did neigh, and dying men did groan,And ghosts did shriek and squeal about the streets.O Caesar! These things are beyond all use,And I do fear them.    What can be
                                avoidedWhose end is purposed by the mighty gods?Yet Caesar shall go forth, for these predictionsAre to the world in general as to Caesar.When beggars die there are no comets seen.The heavens themselves blaze forth the death of princes.Cowards die many times before their deaths.The valiant never taste of death but once.Of all the wonders that I yet have heard,It seems to me most strange that men should fear,Seeing that death, a necessary end,Will come when it will come.     What
                                say the augurers?They would not have you to stir forth today.Plucking the entrails of an offering forth,They could not find a heart within the beast.The gods do this in shame of cowardice.Caesar should be a beast without a heartIf he should stay at home today for fear.No, Caesar shall not. Danger knows full well#LBSFORGOLDFierce, fiery warriors fought in the clouds in the usual
                                formations of war—ranks and squadrons—until
                                the clouds drizzled blood onto the Capitol. The noise of battle
                                filled the air, and horses neighed, and dying men groaned, and
                                ghosts shrieked and squealed in the streets. Oh, Caesar! These
                                things are beyond anything we’ve seen before, and
                                I’m afraid.How can we avoid what the gods want to happen? But I will go out,
                                for these bad omens apply to the world in general as much as they do
                                to me.When beggars die there are no comets in the sky. The heavens only
                                announce the deaths of princes.Cowards die many times before their deaths. The brave experience
                                death only once. Of all the strange things I’ve ever heard,
                                it seems most strange to me that men fear death, given that death,
                                which can’t be avoided, will come whenever it wants.What do the priests say?They don’t want you to go out today. They pulled out the
                                guts of the sacrificed animal and couldn’t find its
                            heart.The gods do this to test my bravery. They’re saying
                                I’d be an animal without a heart if I stayed home today out
                                of fear. So, I won’t.