What was the second noise for?Why, for that too.They shouted thrice. What was the last cry for?Why, for that too.Was the crown offered him thrice?Ay, marry, was ’t, and he put it by thrice, every time
                                gentler
than other, and at every putting-by mine honest neighbors
shouted.
Who offered him the crown?     Why,
                                Antony.Tell us the manner of it, gentle Casca.I can as well be hanged as tell the manner of it. It was mere
foolery. I did not mark it. I saw Mark Antony offer him a
crown (yet ’twas not a crown neither, ’twas one
                                of these
coronets) and, as I told you, he put it by once—but,
                                for all
that, to my thinking, he would fain have had it. Then he
offered it to him again, then he put it by again—but,
                                to my
thinking, he was very loath to lay his fingers off it. And then
he offered it the third time. He put it the third time by. And
still, as he refused it, the rabblement hooted and clapped
their chapped hands and threw up their sweaty night-caps
and uttered such a deal of stinking breath because Caesar
refused the crown that it had almost choked Caesar—for
                                he
swooned and fell down at it. And for mine own part, I durst
not laugh for fear of opening my lips and receiving the bad
air.
#LBSFORGOLDWhat was the second noise for?The same thing.They shouted three times. What was the last cry for?For the same thing.The crown was offered to him three times?Yes, indeed, it was, and he pushed it away three times, each time
                                more gently than the last; and at each refusal my countrymen
                                shouted.Who offered him the crown?Antony.Tell us how it happened, noble Casca.I can’t explain it. It was all silly and so I paid no
                                attention. I saw Mark Antony offer him a crown—though it
                                wasn’t a real crown, just a small circlet—and,
                                as I told you, he refused it once—though in my opinion
                                he would’ve liked to have it. Then Antony offered it to him
                                again, and he refused it again (though, in my opinion, he was
                                reluctant to take his hand off it). Then Antony offered it the third
                                time. He refused it the third time, and as he refused it the
                                commoners hooted and clapped their chapped hands, and threw up their
                                sweaty hats, and let loose such a great deal of stinking breath
                                because Caesar refused the crown that it nearly choked Caesar,
                                because he fainted and fell down. As for myself, I didn’t
                                dare laugh, for fear of opening my lips and inhaling the stinking
                                air.