Now mark him. He begins again to speak.But yesterday the word of Caesar mightHave stood against the world. Now lies he there,And none so poor to do him reverence.O masters, if I were disposed to stirYour hearts and minds to mutiny and rage,I should do Brutus wrong, and Cassius wrong—Who, you all know, are honorable men.I will not do them wrong. I rather chooseTo wrong the dead, to wrong myself and you,Than I will wrong such honorable men.But here’s a parchment with the seal of Caesar.I found it in his closet. 'Tis his will.Let but the commons hear this testament—Which, pardon me, I do not mean to read—And they would go and kiss dead Caesar’s woundsAnd dip their napkins in his sacred blood,Yea, beg a hair of him for memory,And, dying, mention it within their wills,Bequeathing it as a rich legacyUnto their issue.We’ll hear the will. Read it, Mark Antony!The will, the will! We will hear Caesar’s will.Have patience, gentle friends. I must not read it.It is not meet you know how Caesar loved you.You are not wood, you are not stones, but men.And, being men, bearing the will of Caesar,It will inflame you, it will make you mad.'Tis good you know not that you are his heirs.For, if you should—Oh, what would come of it!#LBSFORGOLDNow listen, he’s going to speak again.Only yesterday the word of Caesar might have stood against the
                                world. Now he lies there worth nothing, and no one is so humble as
                                to show him respect. Oh, sirs, if I stirred your hearts and minds to
                                mutiny and rage, I would offend Brutus and Cassius, who, you all
                                know, are honorable men. I will not do them wrong. I would rather
                                wrong the dead, and wrong myself and you, than wrong such honorable
                                men. But here’s a paper with Caesar’s seal on it.
                                I found it in his room—it’s his will. If you
                                could only hear this testament—which, excuse me, I
                                don’t intend to read aloud—you would kiss dead
                                Caesar’s wounds and dip your handkerchiefs in his sacred
                                blood, and beg for a lock of hair to remember him by. And when you
                                died, you would mention the handkerchief or the hair in your will,
                                bequeathing it to your heirs like a rich legacy.We want to hear the will. Read it, Mark Antony.The will, the will! We want to hear Caesar’s will.Be patient, gentle friends, I must not read it. It isn’t
                                proper for you to know how much Caesar loved you. You
                                aren’t wood, you aren’t
                                stones—you’re men. And, being men, the contents
                                of Caesar’s will would enrage you. It’s better
                                that you don’t know you’re his heirs, for if you
                                knew, just imagine what would come of it!