Stand, ho!Give the word, ho, and stand.What now, Lucillius? Is Cassius near?He is at hand, and Pindarus is comeTo do you salutation from his master.He greets me well.—Your master, Pindarus,In his own change or by ill officersHath given me some worthy cause to wishThings done, undone. But if he be at handI shall be satisfied.    I do not doubtBut that my noble master will appearSuch as he is, full of regard and honor.He is not doubted.—A word, Lucillius.
(takes LUCILLIUS
                                aside)
How he received you, let me be resolved.With courtesy and with respect enough.But not with such familiar instancesNor with such free and friendly conferenceAs he hath used of old.    Thou hast
                                describedA hot friend cooling. Ever note, Lucillius,When love begins to sicken and decay,It useth an enforcèd ceremony.There are no tricks in plain and simple faith.But hollow men, like horses hot at hand,Make gallant show and promise of their mettle.#LBSFORGOLDStop.Pass on the command to halt!What’s happening now, Lucillius? Is Cassius
                            nearby?He’s nearby, and Pindarus has come to salute you on
                                behalf of his master.He sends his greetings through a good man. Your master, Pindarus,
                                either because he’s changed his mind or been influenced by
                                bad officers, has made me wish we hadn’t done some of the
                                things we did. If he’s nearby, I want an
                            explanation.I have no doubt that my noble master will prove himself to be what
                                he is: honorable and noble.I don’t doubt him. Can I have a word with you, Lucillius?
                                (takes LUCILLIUS
                                aside) Tell me how Cassius treated
                                you. Put my mind at rest.He received me with courtesy and sufficient respect, but not with
                                affection, nor with as much open and friendly conversation as he
                                once greeted me.You’ve described a warm friend who’s cooling
                                off. Remember this, Lucillius. When a friend starts to get sick of
                                you, he treats you artificially. Plain and simple loyalty
                                doesn’t make anyone act phony. But insincere men, like
                                horses who are too lively at the start of a race, make a big show of
                                their spirit.