Domestic fury and fierce civil strifeShall cumber all the parts of Italy.Blood and destruction shall be so in use,And dreadful objects so familiar,That mothers shall but smile when they beholdTheir infants quartered with the hands of war,All pity choked with custom of fell deeds,And Caesar’s spirit, ranging for revenge,With Ate by his side come hot from hell,Shall in these confines with a monarch’s voiceCry “Havoc!” and let slip the dogs of war,That this foul deed shall smell above the earthWith carrion men, groaning for burial.You serve Octavius Caesar, do you not?I do, Mark Antony.Caesar did write for him to come to Rome.He did receive his letters and is coming.And bid me say to you by word of mouth—
(sees
                                CAESAR’s body) O
                                Caesar!—Thy heart is big. Get thee apart and weep.Passion, I see, is catching, for mine eyes,Seeing those beads of sorrow stand in thine,Began to water. Is thy master coming?He lies tonight within seven leagues of Rome.#LBSFORGOLDFierce civil war will paralyze all of Italy. Blood and destruction
                                will be so common and familiar that mothers will merely smile when
                                their infants are cut to pieces by the hands of war.
                                People’s capacity for sympathy will grow tired and weak
                                from the sheer quantity of cruel deeds. And Caesar’s ghost,
                                searching for revenge with the goddess AteAte is the Greek goddess of discord and vengeance.Ate by his side, just up from
                                Hell, will cry in the voice of a king,
                                “Havoc!” and unleash the dogs of war. This
                                foul deed will stink up to the sky with men’s corpses,
                                which will beg to be buried.You serve Octavius Caesar, right?I do, Mark Antony.Caesar wrote for him to come to Rome.He received Caesar’s letters, and he is coming. He told
                                me to say to you—(seeing CAESAR's
body) Oh, Caesar!—Your heart is big; go ahead and weep. Grief seems to be
                                contagious, for my eyes, seeing the tears in yours, began to fill.
                                Is your master coming?He rests tonight within twenty-one miles of Rome.