
(aside to
                                ANTONY) Would he were fatter! But I
                                fear him not.Yet if my name were liable to fear,I do not know the man I should avoidSo soon as that spare Cassius. He reads much.He is a great observer, and he looksQuite through the deeds of men. He loves no plays,As thou dost, Antony. He hears no music.Seldom he smiles, and smiles in such a sortAs if he mocked himself and scorned his spiritThat could be moved to smile at anything.Such men as he be never at heart’s easeWhiles they behold a greater than themselves,And therefore are they very dangerous.I rather tell thee what is to be fearedThan what I fear, for always I am Caesar.Come on my right hand, for this ear is deaf,And tell me truly what thou think’st of him.
(to
                                BRUTUS)
You pulled me by the cloak. Would you speak with me?Ay, Casca. Tell us what hath chanced todayThat Caesar looks so sad.Why, you were with him, were you not?I should not then ask Casca what had chanced.Why, there was a crown offered him; and, being offered
him, he put it by with the back of his hand, thus; and then
the people fell a-shouting.
#LBSFORGOLD
(speaking so that only ANTONY
                                can hear) I wish he were fatter! But
                                I’m not afraid of him. And yet, if I were capable of
                                fearing anyone, Cassius would be the first man I’d avoid.
                                He reads a lot, he’s a keen observer, and he sees the
                                hidden motives in what men do. He doesn’t like plays the
                                way you do, Antony. He doesn’t listen to music. He rarely
                                smiles, and when he does smile, he does so in a self-mocking way, as
                                if he scorns himself for smiling at all. Men like him will never be
                                comfortable while someone ranks higher than themselves, and
                                therefore they’re very dangerous. I’m telling you
                                what should be feared, not what I fear—because after
                                all, I am Caesar. Come over to my right side, because this ear is
                                deaf, and tell me what you really think of Cassius.
(to
                                BRUTUS) You tugged on my cloak. Do
                                you want to speak with me?Yes, Casca. Tell us what happened today that put Caesar in such a
                                serious mood.But you were with him, weren’t you?If I were, I wouldn’t need to ask you what
                            happened.A crown was offered to him, and he pushed it away with the back of
                                his hand, like this—and then the people started
                                shouting.