The exhalations whizzing in the airGive so much light that I may read by them.
(opens the letter and reads)
“Brutus, thou sleep’st. Awake, and see
                                thyself.Shall Rome, etc. Speak, strike, redress!”“Brutus, thou sleep’st. Awake.”Such instigations have been often droppedWhere I have took them up.—“Shall Rome, etc.” Thus must
                                I piece it out:“Shall Rome stand under one man’s
                                awe?” What, Rome?My ancestors did from the streets of RomeThe Tarquin drive when he was called a king.—“Speak, strike, redress!” Am
                                I entreatedTo speak and strike? O Rome, I make thee promise,If the redress will follow, thou receivestThy full petition at the hand of Brutus!Sir, March is wasted fifteen days.'Tis good. Go to the gate. Somebody knocks.Since Cassius first did whet me against Caesar,I have not slept.#LBSFORGOLDThe meteors whizzing in the sky are so bright that I can read by
                                them. (he opens the letter and reads)
                                “Brutus, you’re sleeping. Wake up and look at
                                yourself. Is Rome going to … etc. Speak, strike, fix the
                                wrongs!” “Brutus, you’re sleeping.
                                Wake up.” I’ve noticed many such calls to
                                action left where I would find them. “Is Rome going to
                                … etc.” What does this mean? Will Rome
                                submit to one man’s power? My ancestors drove Tarquin from
                                the streets of Rome when he was pronounced a king.
                                “Speak, strike, fix it!” Is this asking me
                                to speak and strike? Oh, Rome, I promise you, if you’re
                                meant to receive justice, you’ll receive it by my
                            hand!Sir, fifteen days of March have gone by.Good. Go to the gate. Somebody’s knocking.I haven’t slept since Cassius first began to turn me
                                against Caesar.