The games are done and Caesar is returning.As they pass by, pluck Casca by the sleeve,And he will, after his sour fashion, tell youWhat hath proceeded worthy note today.I will do so. But, look you, Cassius,The angry spot doth glow on Caesar’s brow,And all the rest look like a chidden train.Calphurnia’s cheek is pale, and CiceroLooks with such ferret and such fiery eyesAs we have seen him in the CapitolBeing crossed in conference by some senators.Casca will tell us what the matter is.Antonio.Caesar.
(aside to
                                ANTONY) Let me have men about me that
                                are fat,Sleek-headed men and such as sleep a-nights.Yond Cassius has a lean and hungry look.He thinks too much. Such men are dangerous.
(aside to
                                CAESAR) Fear him not, Caesar.
                                He’s not dangerous.He is a noble Roman and well given.#LBSFORGOLDThe games are done and Caesar is returning.As they pass by, grab Casca by the sleeve, and he’ll tell
                                you if anything important happened today—in his usual
                                sour way.I’ll do so. But look, Cassius, Caesar looks angry and
                                everyone else looks as if they’ve been scolded.
                                Calphurnia’s face is pale, and Cicero’s eyes are
                                as red and fiery as they get when senators are arguing with him at
                                the Capitol.Casca will tell us what’s the matter.Antonio!Caesar?
(speaking so that only ANTONY
                                can hear) I want the men around me to
                                be fat, healthy-looking men who sleep at night. That Cassius over
                                there has a lean and hungry look. He thinks too much. Men like him
                                are dangerous.
(speaking so that only CAESAR
                                can hear) Don’t be afraid of
                                him, Caesar. He isn’t dangerous. He’s a noble
                                Roman with a good disposition.