    So you thought
                                him.And took his voice who should be pricked to dieIn our black sentence and proscription.Octavius, I have seen more days than you.And though we lay these honors on this manTo ease ourselves of divers slanderous loads,He shall but bear them as the ass bears gold,To groan and sweat under the business,Either led or driven, as we point the way.And having brought our treasure where we will,Then take we down his load and turn him off,Like to the empty ass, to shake his earsAnd graze in commons.    You may do
                                your will,But he’s a tried and valiant soldier.So is my horse, Octavius, and for thatI do appoint him store of provender.It is a creature that I teach to fight,To wind, to stop, to run directly on,His corporal motion governed by my spirit,And, in some taste, is Lepidus but so.He must be taught and trained and bid go forth,A barren-spirited fellow, one that feedsOn objects, arts, and imitations,Which, out of use and staled by other men,Begin his fashion. Do not talk of himBut as a property. And now, Octavius,Listen great things. Brutus and CassiusAre levying powers. We must straight make head.Therefore let our alliance be combined,Our best friends made, our means stretched.#LBSFORGOLDYou thought it made sense, and you listened to him about who
                                should be marked to die in these harsh death sentences.Octavius, I’m older than you are. And although
                                we’re giving these honors to this man so that he shares
                                some of the blame for what we’re doing, he’ll
                                carry these honors like a jackass carries gold—groaning
                                and sweating under the load, either led or pushed, as we direct him.
                                Once he’s carried our treasure where we want it,
                                we’ll free him of the load and turn him loose like a
                                jackass, to shake his ears and graze in the public pastures.You can do what you want, but he’s an experienced and
                                honorable soldier.So is my horse, Octavius, and for that reason I give him all the
                                hay he wants. But my horse is a creature that
                                I teach to fight—to turn,
                                to stop, to run in a straight line. I govern the motion of his body.
                                And in some ways, Lepidus is just like that. He has to be taught and
                                trained and told to go forward. He’s an empty man, who pays
                                attention to fashions and tastes that other men took up and got
                                tired of long ago. Don’t think about Lepidus except as a
                                means to an end. And now, Octavius, listen to more important things.
                                Brutus and Cassius are raising armies. We have to raise our own
                                immediately. So, we should combine forces and organize our allies,
                                pull together our friends, and stretch our resources as far as
                                they’ll go.