And I will take it as a sweet disgraceAnd make thee rich for doing me such wrong.You are too great to be by me gainsaid,Your spirit is too true, your fears too certain.Yet, for all this, say not that Percy’s dead.I see a strange confession in thine eye.Thou shak’st thy head and hold’st it fear or sinTo speak a truth. If he be slain, say so.The tongue offends not that reports his death;And he doth sin that doth belie the dead,Not he which says the dead is not alive.Yet the first bringer of unwelcome newsHath but a losing office, and his tongueSounds ever after as a sullen bellRemembered tolling a departing friend.I cannot think, my lord, your son is dead.I am sorry I should force you to believeThat which I would to God I had not seen,But these mine eyes saw him in bloody state,Rend'ring faint quittance, wearied and outbreathed,To Harry Monmouth; whose swift wrath beat downThe never-daunted Percy to the earth,From whence with life he never more sprung up.In few, his death, whose spirit lent a fireEven to the dullest peasant in his camp,Being bruited once, took fire and heat awayFrom the best tempered courage in his troops;For from his metal was his party steeled,Which, once in him abated, all the restTurned on themselves, like dull and heavy lead.And as the thing that’s heavy in itselfUpon enforcement flies with greatest speed,#LBSFORGOLDno talent for prophecy. I’ll take it as a pleasant insult, and I’ll pay you richly for doing me that wrong.You are too great a man to be slandered by me. Your instinct is correct; your fears are true.But despite all this, don’t say that Percy’s dead. I can see a strange sort of confession in your eyes. You shake your head; you’re afraid to tell the truth, or you think it would be sinful. If he’s been killed, say so. The man who reports a death doesn’t offend with that report. To lie about the dead is a sin, but it is no sin to say that a dead man is not alive. It’s a losing situation, being the first man to bring unwelcome news. That man’s voice sounds forever like a sad bell, and it will always be remembered for tolling the death of a friend.My lord, I cannot believe your son is dead.I’m sorry that I must force you to believe this, when I wish to God that I hadn’t seen it myself. But I saw him, in his bloody state, with my own eyes. He was barely able to fight back, exhausted and out of breath. Harry Monmouth’s swift fury beat the unflinching Percy down to the ground, and once he was there, Percy never rose again. To be brief, Percy’s spirit inspired the entire army, down to the dullest peasant. When the news got out that he had been killed, it took the fire and courage away from even the bravest soldiers. Percy’s metal steeled the whole army; when they learned that he had been blunted, they bent and warped like dull, heavy lead.And just as a heavy object gains momentum once it’s pushed into motion, our army, made heavy by