To feed contention in a lingering act;But let one spirit of the firstborn CainReign in all bosoms, that, each heart being setOn bloody courses, the rude scene may end,And darkness be the burier of the dead.This strainèd passion doth you wrong, my lord.Sweet Earl, divorce not wisdom from your honor.The lives of all your loving complicesLean on your health, the which, if you give o'erTo stormy passion, must perforce decay.You cast th' event of war, my noble lord,And summed the account of chance before you said“Let us make head.” It was your presurmiseThat, in the dole of blows your son might drop.You knew he walked o'er perils on an edge,More likely to fall in than to get o'er.You were advised his flesh was capableOf wounds and scars, and that his forward spiritWould lift him where most trade of danger ranged.Yet did you say “Go forth,” and none of this,Though strongly apprehended, could restrainThe stiff-borne action. What hath then befall'n,Or what did this bold enterprise brought forth,More than that being which was like to be?We all that are engagèd to this lossKnew that we ventured on such dangerous seasThat if we wrought out life, ’twas ten to one;And yet we ventured, for the gain proposedChoked the respect of likely peril feared;#LBSFORGOLDCain, who committed the first murder against his brother Abel, live in every heart. If every heart is a murderer’s heart, this violent play will end, and darkness will shroud the corpses.This extreme passion is bad for you, sir.Gentle Earl, don’t abandon your wisdom. All your allies are depending on you and your well-being. If you allow yourself to indulge in this kind of stormy emotion, your health will deteriorate even further. Before you said, “Let’s raise an army,” you calculated how the war might end, and you thought carefully about the likeliness of a victory. You knew from the beginning that, once the fighting started, your son might die. You knew that he was treading dangerously, as if on the edge of a precipice: you knew he was more likely to fall over than make it across. You were warned that your son was made of flesh and blood, and that it was possible he’d get hurt. You were warned that his temper and hot-headedness would push him into the most dangerous situations. But you still said, “Go forward.” None of this consideration, even though it was clearly understood, could stop the stubborn course of events. So what happened here? What has been the result of this brave undertaking? Only this: precisely what was likely to happen in the first place.We all knew that we were venturing into dangerous waters.
								We knew the odds were ten to one that we would come out alive, and yet we ventured forward anyway.
								The potential reward of winning outweighed the fear of our probable loss.
								