Sirrah, you giant, what says the doctor to my water?He said, sir, the water itself was a good healthy water, but,for the party that owed it, he might have more diseases thanhe knew for.Men of all sorts take a pride to gird at me. The brain of thisfoolish-compounded clay, man, is not able to inventanything that tends to laughter more than I invent, or isinvented on me. I am not only witty in myself, but the causethat wit is in other men. I do here walk before thee like a sow that hathoverwhelmed all her litter but one. If the Prince putthee into my service for any other reason than to set me off,why then I have no judgment. Thou whoreson mandrake,thou art fitter to be worn in my cap than to wait at my heels.I was never manned with an agate till now, but I will insetyou neither in gold nor silver, but in vile apparel, and sendyou back again to your master for a jewel. The juvenal, thePrince your master, whose chin is not yet fledge—I willsooner have a beard grow in the palm of my hand than heshall get one off his cheek, and yet he will not stick to sayhis face is a face royal. God may finish it when He will. 'Tisnot a hair amiss yet. He may keep it still at a face royal, fora barber shall never earn sixpence out of it, and yet he’ll becrowing as if he had writ man ever since his father wasa bachelor. He may keep his own grace, but he’s almost out of#LBSFORGOLD
SirrahSirrah = term of address for a person of lower social rankSirrah, you giantFalstaff is mocking the page for being so small.giant, what did the doctor say about my urine?He said that the urine itself was good, healthy urine, but that the man who owned it probably had more diseases than he could tell.All kinds of people make it a matter of pride to heckle me. No man—that foolishly assembled lump of clay—could ever invent something quite as funny as I seem to be to other people. I’m not only witty on my own, but I bring out wit in other people. Look at the two of us, walking here: I look like a sow that’s smothered all of her baby pigs, except for you. If the Prince sent you to serve me for any other reason than to irritate me, I’m a fool. You weedy little son of a bitch: you’re so tiny that you should be a decoration on my hat, not a servant at my feet. I’ve never had a servant before who was as tiny as a ring stone. But I won’t set you in a gold or silver ring; I’ll wrap you in rags and send you back to your master, to be used as a jewel—that youth, the Prince your master, whose chin is still lacking a beard. Why, I’ll grow a beard in the palm of my hand before he’ll have one that he can shave off his face. And yet, this doesn’t stop him from claiming that he has a face for royaltyFalstaff puns on the fact that a “royal” was a kind of coin, stamped with the king’s face.royalty. Well, God will give him a beard whenever he chooses to—there’s not a hair out of place yet. It’s a good thing the Prince’s face is a royal, because a barber will never earn a coin from shaving it. And still, the