worst side, were it worse than the name of rebellion can tellhow to make it.You mistake me, sir.Why sir, did I say you were an honest man? Setting myknighthood and my soldiership aside, I had lied in my throatif I had said so.I pray you, sir, then set your knighthood and our soldiershipaside, and give me leave to tell you, you lie in your throat ifyou say I am any other than an honest man.I give thee leave to tell me so? I lay aside that which growsto me? If thou gett’st any leave of me, hang me; if thou tak’stleave, thou wert better be hanged. You hunt counter. Hence!Avaunt!Sir, my lord would speak with you.Sir John Falstaff, a word with you.My good lord. God give your Lordship good time of the day.I am glad to see your Lordship abroad. I heard say yourLordship was sick: I hope your Lordship goes abroad byadvice. Your Lordship, though not clean past your youth,have yet some smack of an ague in you, some relish of thesaltness of time in you, and I most humbly beseech yourLordship to have a reverent care of your health.Sir John, I sent for you before your expedition toShrewsbury.An ’t please your Lordship, I hear his Majesty is returnedwith some discomfort from Wales.#LBSFORGOLDwrong side—even if the rebellion were more despicable than the word “rebellion” already leads me to believe.You’re mistaken, sir.Why is that? Did I say you were an honest man? Because, setting aside the fact that I’m knight and a soldier, I’d be nothing but a liar if I said that.Then please, sir, set aside your knighthood and your soldiership and let me tell you that you’re a deliberate liar, if you say I’m anything other than an honest man.Should I allow you to say that? Should I set aside something that’s mine by right? If I allow you anything, hang me. If you allow yourself, hang you. You’re running in the wrong direction: get out of here! Go!Sir, my master wants to speak with you.Sir John Falstaff, I’d like a word with you.My good sir! God grant you a good day! It’s great to see you out and about: I’d heard you were sick. I hope your doctor knows you’re out. Though you’re not entirely past your youth, your lordship, you have a touch of age in you, a touch of the passage of time, and I must humbly urge you to take good care of your health.Sir John, I sent for you to come see me before you left for Shrewsbury.If you don’t mind my saying so, I hear the King is back from Wales and it didn’t go so well.