I talk not of his Majesty. You would not come when I sentfor you.And I hear, moreover, his Highness is fallen into this samewhoreson apoplexy.Well, God mend him. I pray you let me speak with you.This apoplexy, as I take it, is a kind of lethargy, an ’t pleaseyour Lordship, a kind of sleeping in the blood, a whoresontingling.What tell you me of it? Be it as it is.It hath its original from much grief, from study, andperturbation of the brain. I have read the cause of his effectsin Galen. It is a kind of deafness.I think you are fallen into the disease, for you hear not whatI say to you.Very well, my lord, very well. Rather, an ’t please you, it isthe disease of not listening, the malady of not marking, thatI am troubled withal.To punish you by the heels would amend the attention ofyour ears, and I care not if I do become your physician.I am as poor as Job, my lord, but not so patient. YourLordship may minister the potion of imprisonment to me inrespect of poverty, but how should I be your patient to followyour prescriptions, the wise may make some dram of ascruple, or indeed a scruple itself.#LBSFORGOLDI’m not talking about the King. You didn’t come when I sent for you.And I also hear that the King has fallen into a terrible paralysis.Well, God give him a speedy recovery. Please, let me speak with you.His paralysis is, as I understand it, a kind of lethargy, if it please you. It’s a sleepiness in the blood, a nasty tingling.Why are you telling me this? Let it be.It comes from heavy sadness; from too much reading, and too much thinking. I read about it in the reference books: it’s a kind of deafness.I think you must have that disease as well, because you’re not hearing a word I’m saying.Very likely, my lord, very likely. But actually, sir, I have the not-listening disease; I have the not-paying-attention sickness.The cure for that illness would be to put you in shackles, and I wouldn’t mind being your doctor.I may be as poor as JobIn the Bible, Job patiently withstood a series of hardships set on him by God.Job, but I’m not as patient. You may be able to throw me in jail because of my poverty, but some people might have slight reservations about that.