To wake a wolf is as bad as to smell a fox.What, you are as a candle, the better part burnt out.A wassail candle, my lord, all tallow. If I did say of wax, mygrowth would approve the truth.There is not a white hair on your face but should have hiseffect of gravity.His effect of gravy, gravy, gravy.You follow the young Prince up and down like his ill angel.Not so, my lord. Your ill angel is light, but I hope he thatlooks upon me will take me without weighing. And yet insome respects I grant I cannot go. I cannot tell. Virtue is ofso little regard in these costermongers' times that true valoris turned bear-herd; pregnancy is made a tapster, and hath hisquick wit wasted in giving reckonings. All the other giftsappurtenant to man, as the malice of this age shapes them,are not worth a gooseberry. You that are old consider not thecapacities of us that are young. You do measure the heat ofour livers with the bitterness of your galls, and we that are inthe vaward of our youth, I must confess, are wags too.Do you set down your name in the scroll of youth, that arewritten down old with all the characters of age? Have younot a moist eye, a dry hand, a yellow cheek, a white beard,#LBSFORGOLDTo wake a wolf is as bad as to smell a foxsmell a fox = be suspicioussmell a fox.What? You’re like a candle, half burned out.Maybe, if I were a big, fat holiday candle made of animal fat. But you’d be better off saying that I’m a wax candle: I keep “waxing” larger and larger.Your gray beard should be a sign that you’re a man of gravity.I’m a man of gravy, gravy, gravy.You follow the young Prince everywhere, like a false angel on his shoulder.That’s not so, my lord. False angelsangel = a kind of coin; angels were often trimmed of some of their metal; a defective angel could be distinguished from a proper by weighing it on a scale.angels are light, and anyone can see without having to weigh me that I’m too heavy. But I don’t know; in some ways, you’re right. I’m not for these times. Virtue counts for so little in this commercial world of ours. True courage is worthless; it’s only used by animal trainers in the bear-baiting rings. Intelligence is good for nobody but bartenders, who waste their wits totaling up tavern bills. In these mean-spirited days, man’s best qualities aren’t worth a thing. You older folks don’t value us young people. You measure our fiery passion according to your melancholic bitterness. And I have to tell you, those of us who are highly advanced in our youth, we’re spirited as well as young.You’d add your name to the list of the young? You, who have age written all over you? Don’t you have mucus in your eyes? Dry skin? Jaundice? A white beard? An