a decreasing leg, an increasing belly? Is not your voicebroken, your wind short, your chin double, your wit single,and every part about you blasted with antiquity? And willyou yet call yourself young? Fie, fie, fie, Sir John.My lord, I was born about three of the clock in the afternoon,with a white head and something a round belly. For myvoice, I have lost it with halloing and singing of anthems. Toapprove my youth further, I will not. The truth is, I am onlyold in judgment and understanding. And he that will caperwith me for a thousand marks, let him lend me the money,and have at him! For the box of the ear that the Prince gaveyou, he gave it like a rude prince, and you took it like asensible lord. I have checked him for it, and the young lionrepents. Marry, not in ashes and sackcloth, but in new silk and old sack.Well, God send the Prince a better companion.God send the companion a better prince. I cannot rid myhands of him.Well, the King hath severed you and Prince Harry. I hear youare going with Lord John of Lancaster against theArchbishop and the Earl of Northumberland.Yea, I thank your pretty sweet wit for it. But look you pray,all you that kiss my Lady Peace at home, that our armies joinnot in a hot day, for, by the Lord, I take but two shirts out withme, and I mean not to sweat extraordinarily. If it be a hot dayand I brandish anything but a bottle, I would I might neverspit white again. There is not a dangerous action can peepout his head but I am thrust upon it. Well, I cannot last ever.#LBSFORGOLDarthritic leg? A growing belly? Isn’t your voice scratchy? Your breath short? Your chin doubled? Your last wit abandoned? Isn’t every part of you devastated by age? And still you call yourself young? Shame on you, Sir John.Sir, I was born around three o'clock in the afternoon, with a white head and a bit of a round belly. As for my scratchy voice, I lost it through shouting and singing loud songs. But I won’t try to prove how young I am any longer. I have only one trait of old age, and that is wisdom. If somebody wants to challenge me to a dance contest for a thousand-markmark = unit of currencymark wager, let him hand me the money and off we go. Now, as for the fact that the Prince hit you on the head, he did it like a rude prince and you took it like a sensible gentleman. I reprimanded him for it, and he repents. He’s not wearing the traditional sackcloth and ashes, for sure, but he’s repenting in silk cloth and wine.May God send the Prince a better friend!May God send the friend a better prince! I can’t get him off my hands!Well, the King has separated you and Prince Harry. I hear you’re going with John of Lancaster to go fight Northumberland and the Archbishop.Yes, and thanks for reminding me. I hope that all of you who stay home, safe and sound, will say a prayer that we soldiers don’t end up in some hot battle. For, by the Lord, I’ve only packed two shirts, and I don’t want to sweat too much. If things get hot and I pull out any other weapon besides a bottle, I’ll never drink wine again. I get sent out on every dangerous assignment