But it was always yet the trick of our English nation, if theyhave a good thing, to make it too common. If ye will needssay I am an old man, you should give me rest. I would to Godmy name were not so terrible to the enemy as it is. I werebetter to be eaten to death with a rust than to be scoured tonothing with perpetual motion.Well, be honest, be honest; and God bless your expedition!Will your Lordship lend me a thousand pound to furnish meforth?Not a penny, not a penny. You are too impatient to bearcrosses. Fare you well. Commend me to my cousinWestmoreland.If I do, fillip me with a three-man beetle. A man can no moreseparate age and covetousness than he can part young limbsand lechery; but the gout galls the one, and the pox pinchesthe other, and so both the degrees prevent my curses.—Boy!Sir.What money is in my purse?Seven groats and two pence.I can get no remedy against this consumption of the purse.Borrowing only lingers and lingers it out, but the disease isincurable. Go bear this letter to my Lord of Lancaster, thisto the Prince, this to the Earl of Westmoreland; and this toold Mistress Ursula, whom I have weekly sworn to marrysince I perceived the first white hair on my chin. About it.You know where to find me.#LBSFORGOLDthat comes up. Well, I can’t live forever. That’s the thing about the English: when they have something good, they use it continually. If you’re going to insist that I’m an old man, then let me rest. I wish to God the enemy weren’t as scared of me as they are: I’d rather sit and rust than be worn out by all this work.Well, stay honest, stay honest. God bless your undertaking.Could your lordship lend me a thousand pounds for some equipment I need?Not a penny, not a penny: you’re too impatient to endure adversity. Farewell; give my regards to my kinsman Westmoreland.If I do, hit me with a sledgehammer. Old age and greed go together like youth and lust. Gout afflicts one and syphilis plagues the other, so there’s no point in me cursing either the old or the young: they’re both cursed already. Boy!Sir?How much money’s in my wallet?About seven groatsgroat = coin worth four pencegroats and two pence.There no way to cure the illness that’s making my wallet waste away; borrowing makes it live a little longer, but the disease is incurable. Bring this letter to Lord John of Lancaster, this one to the Prince, this one to Westmoreland, and this one to Madame Ursula. I’ve promised to marry her every single week since I got my first gray hair. Get going: you know where I’ll be.