We fortify in paper and in figures,Using the names of men instead of men,Like one that draws the model of a houseBeyond his power to build it, who, half through,Gives o'er and leaves his part-created costA naked subject to the weeping cloudsAnd waste for churlish winter’s tyranny.Grant that our hopes, yet likely of fair birth,Should be stillborn and that we now possessedThe utmost man of expectation,I think we are a body strong enough,Even as we are, to equal with the King.What, is the King but five-and twenty-thousand?To us no more, nay, not so much, Lord Bardolph,For his divisions, as the times do brawl,Are in three heads: one power against the French,And one against Glendower; perforce a thirdMust take up us. So is the unfirm KingIn three divided, and his coffers soundWith hollow poverty and emptiness.That he should draw his several strengths togetherAnd come against us in full puissanceNeed not be dreaded.   If he should do so,He leaves his back unarmed, the French and WelshBaying him at the heels. Never fear that.Who is it like should lead his forces hither?#LBSFORGOLDOtherwise, it becomes a meaningless exercise: papers and numbers, and names of men rather than real, live men. That’s like drawing up plans for a house you can’t possibly afford, building half of it, and then abandoning the partly-built structure to be ruined by the elements.Let’s suppose that everything we’re hoping for fails to materialize, and the army we have now is as big as it’s going to get. I still think that, even in this condition, we’re a match for the King.Why? Does the King only have twenty-five thousand men?The King isn’t facing us with any more than that—in fact, he doesn’t even have that many, Lord Bardolph. This is a time of war, and the King’s had to divide his army into three sections. One division is fighting the French; one’s fighting Glendower. That leaves a third of his army to fight against us. The King is weak and divided into three, and the coffers of his treasury echo with the sounds of hollow poverty and emptiness.There’s no reason to fear that he will pull all three divisions together and confront us with his full strength.If he did that, he’d be vulnerable at the rear, and the French and the Welsh would be at his heels. He would never let that happen.Who’s going to lead his troops against us?