No, nor I neither. I’ll be at your elbow.An I but fist him once, an he come but within my view—I am undone by his going. I warrant you, he’s an infinitivething upon my score. Good Master Fang, hold him sure.Good Master Snare, let him not ’scape. He comescontinuantly to Pie Corner, saving your manhoods, to buy asaddle, and he is indited to dinner to the Lubber’s Head inLumbert Street, to Master Smooth’s the silkman. I pray you,since my exion is entered, and my case so openly known tothe world, let him be brought in to his answer. A hundredmark is a long one for a poor lone woman to bear, and I haveborne, and borne, and borne, and have been fubbed off, andfubbed off, and fubbed off from this day to that day, that itis a shame to be thought on. There is no honesty in suchdealing, unless a woman should be made an ass and a beastto bear every knave’s wrong. Yonder he comes, and thaterrant malmsey-nose knave, Bardolph, with him. Do youroffices, do your offices, Master Fang and Master Snare, dome, do me, do me your offices.How now! Whose mare’s dead? What’s the matter?Sir John, I arrest you at the suit of Mistress Quickly.#LBSFORGOLDMe neither. I’ll be right next to you.If I can grab him once, if he just comes within my grasp–I’m bankrupti.e., “he’s run up a bill as big as infinity.” Mistress Quickly has a tendency to comically mangle her phrases.bankrupt from his never paying. He’s run up an infinitive bill with me. Catch him, Master Fang! Don’t let him get away, Master Snare! He’s always going to Pie CornerPie Corner was a market known for cook’s shops, horses, and sex. “Saddle” is a pun on female genitalia.Pie Corner—sorry to mention it—to buy a saddle. And every day he gets inditedindited = invitedindited to lunch with Master Smooth the silk seller, at the Leopard’s Head on Lumbert Street. Please bring him to justice. I’ve been entered—I mean, my lawsuit’s been entered at court, and the whole world knows how easy I am—I mean how easy it was for him to rip me off. A hundred marksmark = unit of currencymarks is a lot for a poor, solitary woman to take. And I’ve taken it, and taken it, and taken it. And I’ve been fobbed off and fobbed off and fobbed off, day in and day out. It’s horrible to even think about. That’s a terrible way to treat people, unless you think that every woman should be made an ass and an animal, and that she should be opened to every jerk’s molestation. Here he comes, with that notorious wine-faced crook, Bardolph. Do me a favor and do me your jobs, Master Fang and Master Snare. Do me! Do me! Do me a favor and do me your jobs!What’s going on? Whose horse died? What’s the matter?Sir John, you’re under arrest for charges brought by Mistress Quickly.