Away, varlets!—Draw, Bardolph. Cut me off the villain’shead. Throw the quean in the channel.Throw me in the channel? I’ll throw thee in the channel. Wiltthou, wilt thou, thou bastardly rogue?—Murder, murder!—Ah, thou honeysuckle villain, wilt thou kill God’s officersand the King’s? Ah, thou honeyseed rogue, thou art ahoneyseed, a man-queller, and a woman-queller.Keep them off, Bardolph.A rescue, a rescue!Good people, bring a rescue or two.— (to FALSTAFF) Thouwot, wot thou? Thou wot, wot ta? Do, do, thou rogue. Do,thou hempseed.Away, you scullion, you rampallion, you fustilarian! I’lltickle your catastrophe.What is the matter? Keep the peace here, ho!Good my lord, be good to me. I beseech you stand to me.How now, Sir John? What, are you brawling here?Doth this become your place, your time, and business?You should have been well on your way to York.—
(to FANG) Stand from him, fellow: wherefore hang’st thou   upon him?#LBSFORGOLDGet out of here, you crooks! Draw your sword, Bardolph. Cut off this rascal’s head, and throw this whore in the gutter.Throw me in the gutter? I’ll throw you in the gutter. You will? You will? You bastardly cheat! Murder! Murder! Oh, you honeysucklehoneysuckle, honey-seed, hemp-seed = homicidal, homicidehoneysuckle criminal! You’re going to kill God’s sheriffs, and the King’s? Oh, you honey-seed creep! You’re a honey-seed, a man-killer, and a woman-killer.Keep them off me, Bardolph.An escape! An escape!Somebody, bring an escapeMistress Quickly mistakes Fang’s warning as a request for “escapes.”escape or two! (to FALSTAFF) You will, will you? You will, will you? Go ahead, go ahead, you scoundrel! You hemp-seed!Get off, you serving wench! You ruffian! You fat old hag! I’ll beat you on the backside!What’s the matter? Let’s have some order here!Good sir, be good to me. I beg you, stand up for me.Well if it isn’t Sir John! Are you making trouble here? Is this appropriate for a man of your position, your age, and your responsibilities? You should be well on your way to York by now. (to FANG) Get off him, man. Why are you holding him?