O my most worshipful lord, an ’t please your Grace, I am apoor widow of Eastcheap, and he is arrested at my suit.For what sum?It is more than for some, my lord; it is for all I have. He hatheaten me out of house and home. He hath put all my substanceinto that fat belly of his. (to FALSTAFF) But I will have some ofit out again, or I will ride thee o' nights like the mare.I think I am as like to ride the mare if I have any vantage ofground to get up.How comes this, Sir John? Fie, what man of good temperwould endure this tempest of exclamation? Are you notashamed to enforce a poor widow to so rough a course tocome by her own?
(to MISTRESS QUICKLY) What is the gross sum that I owe thee?Marry, if thou wert an honest man, thyself and the moneytoo. Thou didst swear to me upon a parcel-gilt goblet, sittingin my Dolphin chamber at the round table by a sea-coal fire,upon Wednesday in Wheeson week, when the Prince brokethy head for liking his father to a singing-man of Windsor,thou didst swear to me then, as I was washing thy wound, tomarry me and make me my lady thy wife. Canst thou denyit? Did not goodwife Keech, the butcher’s wife, come in thenand call me Gossip Quickly, coming in to borrow a mess ofvinegar; telling us she had a good dish of prawns, wherebythou didst desire to eat some, whereby I told thee they wereill for a green wound? And didst thou not, when she wasgone downstairs, desire me to be no more so familiarity with#LBSFORGOLDOh, most excellent lord, begging your pardon: I’m a poor Eastcheap widow, and he’s arrested on charges I brought against him.What sum does he owe you?It’s more than some, sir: it’s all, all that I have. He’s eaten me out of house and home. He’s put everything I own into that fat belly of his. (to FALSTAFF) But I’ll get some of it back again, or I’ll ride you all night like a bad dream.I think I might just ride you, if I get the chance to mount you.What is this, Sir John? Damn! How could any decent man put up with this storm of screaming and cursing? Aren’t you ashamed to force a poor widow to take these extreme measures simply to get what’s hers?
(to MISTRESS QUICKLY) What’s the total I owe you?My goodness! If you were an honest man, you’d give yourself to me, as well as the money. You swore to me—over a gold-plated wine goblet, in the Dolphin Room in my tavern, at the round table, next to the fire, on the Wednesday seven weeks after Easter, when the Prince swung at your head for claiming his father was a fake—you swore, while I was cleaning your wounds, to marry me and make me a proper lady and your wife. Can you deny it? Didn’t Mrs. Baconfat, the butcher’s wife, come into the room then and ask to borrow some vinegar, saying that she had some good prawns—and you wanted to eat some, and I told you that it was a bad idea, to eat shrimp when you had a fresh wound—and