such poor people, saying that ere long they should call memadam? And didst thou not kiss me and bid me fetch theethirty shillings? I put thee now to thy book-oath. Deny it ifthou canst.My lord, this is a poor mad soul, and she says up and downthe town that her eldest son is like you. She hath been in goodcase, and the truth is, poverty hath distracted her. But, forthese foolish officers, I beseech you I may have redressagainst them.Sir John, Sir John, I am well acquainted with your mannerof wrenching the true cause the false way. It is not aconfident brow, nor the throng of words that come with suchmore than impudent sauciness from you, can thrust me froma level consideration. You have, as it appears to me,practiced upon the easy-yielding spirit of this woman, andmade her serve your uses both in purse and in person.Yea, in truth, my lord.Pray thee, peace.— (to FALSTAFF) Pay her the debt you oweher, and unpay the villany you have done her. The one youmay do with sterling money, and the other with currentrepentance.My lord, I will not undergo this sneap without reply. You callhonorable boldness “impudent sauciness.” If a man willmake curtsy and say nothing, he is virtuous. No, my lord, myhumble duty remembered, I will not be your suitor. I say toyou, I do desire deliverance from these officers, being uponhasty employment in the King’s affairs.#LBSFORGOLDwhen she left, didn’t you tell me to stop being friends with low types like her, because before long we’d be married and I’d be a proper lady? And didn’t you kiss me and tell me to lend you thirty shillingsshillings = unit of currencyshillings? Put your hand on the bible and deny it, if you dare.Sir, this is a poor, insane soul. She’s been saying all over town that her oldest son looks just like you. She was once rich, but poverty has driven her crazy. Now, as for these two foolish officers, I would like to press charges against them.Sir John, Sir John. I know too well how you are accustomed to turning the truth into a big lie. But neither your confident demeanor nor the storm of words that accompanies your insolent disrespect will sway me from making a just consideration. As far as I can see, you’ve taken advantage of this trusting woman, and you’ve made her give you cash and other favors.Yes, truthfully, sir.Quiet, please. (to FALSTAFF) Pay her what you owe her, and undo the wrongdoings you’ve done to her. You can do the first with money, and the second with a sincere apology.Sir, I will not put up with this snub without a reply. You call my brave, honorable dealings insolent disrespect. Does a man have to stand here, silent and bowing, to be a virtuous man? No, sir. With all due respect, I won’t bow down to you. I say that I want to be set free by these officers, seeing as I have urgent work to do for the King.