You speak as having power to do wrong; but answer in th'effect of your reputation, and satisfy this poor woman.Come hither, hostess.Now, Master Gower, what news?The King, my lord, and Harry Prince of WalesAre near at hand. The rest the paper tells.As I am a gentleman!Faith, you said so before.As I am a gentleman. Come. No more words of it.By this heavenly ground I tread on, I must be fain to pawnboth my plate and the tapestry of my dining chambers.Glasses, glasses, is the only drinking. And for thy walls, apretty slight drollery, or the story of the Prodigal or theGerman hunting in waterwork is worth a thousand of thesebed-hangers and these fly-bitten tapestries. Let it be tenpound, if thou canst. Come, an ’twere not for thy humors,there’s not a better wench in England. Go wash thy face, anddraw the action. Come, thou must not be in this humor withme. Dost not know me? Come, come, I know thou wast seton to this.#LBSFORGOLDYou talk as though you have permission to break the law. But act appropriately to your status: satisfy this poor woman.Come here, hostess.Master Gower, what’s going on?My lord, the King and Harry Prince of Wales are nearby. This letter will tell you the rest.On my honor.Honestly, that’s what you said before.On my honor. Come, let’s not talk about it anymore.By heaven above and below, I’ll have to pawn my good china and the tapestries in my dining rooms.It’s not such a big deal. Glass is the only good thing to drink out of anyway. And as for the wallsThe Biblical tale of the prodigal son, who wastes his inheritance before contritely returning to his father’s house, was a popular subject for wall decorations.walls, something pretty and comical—or a depiction of the prodigal son; or maybe one of those German hunting scenes, painted on the wall to look like a tapestry—why, those are worth a thousand of those bed curtains and moth-eaten tapestries.Let me borrow just ten pounds, all right? Come on—other than your moodiness, you’re the best wench in England. Go wash your face and withdraw the lawsuit. Come on—don’t be this way with me. Don’t you know me? Come, come, I know somebody put you up to this.