Before God, I am exceeding weary.Is ’t come to that? I had thought weariness durst not haveattached one of so high blood.Faith, it does me; though it discolors the complexion of mygreatness to acknowledge it. Doth it not show vilely in meto desire small beer?Why, a prince should not be so loosely studied as toremember so weak a composition.Belike then my appetite was not princely got, for, by mytroth, I do now remember the poor creature small beer. Butindeed these humble considerations make me out of lovewith my greatness. What a disgrace is it to me to rememberthy name, or to know thy face tomorrow, or to take note howmany pair of silk stockings thou hast—with these, and thosethat were thy peach-colored ones—or to bear the inventoryof thy shirts, as, one for superfluity and another for use. Butthat the tennis-court keeper knows better than I, for it is alow ebb of linen with thee when thou keepest not racketthere, as thou hast not done a great while, because the rest ofthe low countries have made a shift to eat up thy holland; andGod knows whether those that bawl out the ruins of thy linenshall inherit His kingdom; but the midwives say the childrenare not in the fault, whereupon the world increases andkindreds are mightily strengthened.#LBSFORGOLDI swear to God, I’m exceedingly tired.Really? I would have thought that weariness wouldn’t dare afflict someone as highly born as you.Well, it afflicts me, although saying so dims my nobility somewhat. Does it make me seem coarse and common to say that I’d love a small beersmall beer = a kind of weak, thin beersmall beer?A prince shouldn’t be vulgarly inclined toward things like small beer.Then I suppose don’t have a prince’s appetite, because right now all I can think about is small beer. But it’s true: all these everyday considerations distance me from my own nobility. It’s disgraceful that I should be familiar with a man like you! To know your name, your face, and your wardrobe so intimately that I know that you have two pairs of stockings: the ones you’re wearing now, and those peach-colored ones. I even know how many shirts you have: one to wear, and one extra. But then, the keeper of the tennis courts knows your wardrobe better than I do, for when you’ve run out of clean shirts, you don’t show up to play. And you haven’t played in a while, because the whore houses have eaten all the rest of your money, which you’d otherwise use to buy more shirts. God only knows whether all the crying brats you’ve fathered will make it to heaven. But then, the midwives say that babies don’t bear the sins of the parents. That’s how the population increases, and families are strengthened.