How ill it follows, after you have labored so hard, you shouldtalk so idly! Tell me, how many good young princes woulddo so, their fathers being so sick as yours at this time is?Shall I tell thee one thing, Poins?Yes, faith, and let it be an excellent good thing.It shall serve among wits of no higher breeding than thine.Go to. I stand the push of your one thing that you will tell.Marry, I tell thee it is not meet that I should be sad, now myfather is sick—albeit I could tell thee, as to one it pleases me,for fault of a better, to call my friend, I could be sad, and sadindeed too.Very hardly, upon such a subject.By this hand, thou thinkest me as far in the devil’s book asthou and Falstaff for obduracy and persistency. Let the endtry the man. But I tell thee, my heart bleeds inwardly that myfather is so sick: and keeping such vile company as thou arthath in reason taken from me all ostentation of sorrow.The reason?What wouldst thou think of me if I should weep?I would think thee a most princely hypocrite.#LBSFORGOLDIt seems wrong, after all your hard work in battle, that you should be spending your time now in idle chatter. How many other princes would behave like this if their fathers were as sick as yours?Can I tell you something, Poins?Sure; and make sure it’s an excellent thing.It’ll be fine, for people who aren’t any smarter than you are.Go ahead. I’m can take whatever you have to say.Here it is, then. It’s not seemly for me to be sad over my father’s illness. But I could tell you—as a person who, for lack of anyone else, I’m pleased to call my friend—that I could be sad. I could be very sad, indeed.It would be difficult to feel that way over a thing like this.I swear, you must think that I’m as sinful as you and Falstaff are, and as stubborn and persistent. We’ll see about that. But I’m telling you: my heart is bleeding for my father, and for his illness. But because I’m hanging out with lowlifes like you, I can’t show how sorrowful I am.Why?What would you think of me if I started crying?I would think you’re a royal hypocrite.