It would be every man’s thought, and thou art a blessedfellow to think as every man thinks. Never a man’s thoughtin the world keeps the roadway better than thine. Every manwould think me an hypocrite indeed. And what accites yourmost worshipful thought to think so?Why, because you have been so lewd and so much engraffedto Falstaff.And to thee.By this light, I am well spoke on. I can hear it with my ownears. The worst that they can say of me is that I am a secondbrother, and that I am a proper fellow of my hands; and thosetwo things, I confess, I cannot help. By the Mass, here comesBardolph.And the boy that I gave Falstaff. He had him from meChristian, and look if the fat villain have not transformedhim ape.God save your Grace.And yours, most noble Bardolph.
(to BARDOLPH) Come, you virtuous ass, you bashful fool,must you be blushing? Wherefore blush you now? What amaidenly man-at-arms are you become! Is ’t such a matterto get a pottle-pot’s maidenhead?#LBSFORGOLDThat’s what everyone would be thinking. And what’s great about you is that you think just the way everyone else does: nobody sticks to popular opinion quite as well as you. Everyone would think I was a hypocrite, indeed. And, your honor, what makes you think that?Because you’ve behaved so badly, and because you’re so attached to Falstaff.And to you.Honestly, people think highly of me; I hear their praises with my own ears. The worst thing they can say about me is that, as a younger brother, I’ve had no inheritance from my family, and that I’m a good fighter. And I can’t help either of those things. By God, here comes Bardolph.And the boy who I sent to work for Falstaff. He was a normal boy when I sent him, and now look: the fat bastard’s turned him into an ape.Possibly, Falstaff has dressed his page in a ridiculous outfit.the fat bastard’s turned him into an ape.
God save your grace!And yours, most noble Bardolph!
(to BARDOLPH) Come on, you principled ass, you timid fool! Why are you blushing? What a womanly solider you are! Is it that big a deal to deflower a two-quart tankard of alePoins and the page are joking about Bardolph’s face, which is red from drinking.tankard of ale?