Marry, the immortal part needs a physician, but that movesnot him. Though that be sick, it dies not.
(reads to himself) I do allow this wen to be as familiar withme as my dog, and he holds his place, for look you how bewrites. (he hands the letter to POINS)

(reads)
John Falstaff, knight. Every man must know that asoft as he has occasion to name himself, even like those thatare kin to the King, for they never prick their finger but theysay, “There’s some of the King’s blood spilt.” “How comesthat?” says he that takes upon him not to conceive. Theanswer is as ready as a borrower’s cap: “I am the King’spoor cousin, sir.”Nay, they will be kin to us, or they will fetch it from Japheth.
								But to the letter. (takes the letter and reads)
Sir John
									alstaff, knight, to the son of the King nearest his father,
									Harry Prince of Wales, greeting.
Why, this is a certificate.Peace! (reads)
I will imitate the honorable Romans in
									brevity.
He sure means brevity in breath, short-winded.
(reads) I commend me to thee, I commend thee, and I leave
									thee. Be not too familiar with Poins, for he misuses thy
									favors so much that he swears thou art to marry his sister
#LBSFORGOLDThat’s right, it’s just his immortal soul that needs a doctor. But he doesn’t care. His soul may be sick, but it won’t die.
(reads to himself) I allow this wart to be as familiar with me as my dog, and he holds onto his privileged position. Listen to how he writes. (he hands the letter to POINS)

(reads) “John Falstaff, knight”—he always throws that title around, every chance he gets. It’s like people who are related to the King: every time they get a tiny cut, they say, “Some of the King’s blood has been spilled.” Then someone pretends not to get it, and asks, “How do you mean?” The answer comes faster than a beggar can whip out his cap: “I’m the King’s poor relative.”Right. They all say they’re related to us, even if they have to trace the family tree all the way back to Japhet, the common ancestor of all Europeans. But back to the letter. (takes the letter and reads) “Sir John Falstaff—knight to the son of the King, nearest to his father, Harry Prince of Wales—sends his greetings.”Listen to that. It sounds like a contract.Quiet! (reads) “I will copy the Romans in shortness.”He must mean shortness of breath, and wheezing.
(reads) “I salute myself, I salute you, and I’m done. Don’t get too close to Poins. He takes such rampant advantage of your kindness that he swears you will marry his sister Nell. Confess your sins when you have the time; and with that, farewell. Yours up and down