To seem like him. So that in speech, in gait,In diet, in affections of delight,In military rules, humors of blood,He was the mark and glass, copy and book,That fashioned others. And him—O wondrous him!O miracle of men!—him did you leave,Second to none, unseconded by you,To look upon the hideous god of warIn disadvantage, to abide a fieldWhere nothing but the sound of Hotspur’s nameDid seem defensible. So you left him.Never, O never, do his ghost the wrongTo hold your honor more precise and niceWith others than with him. Let them alone.The Marshal and the Archbishop are strong.Had my sweet Harry had but half their numbers,Today might I, hanging on Hotspur’s neck,Have talked of Monmouth’s grave.   Beshrew your heart,Fair daughter, you do draw my spirits from meWith new lamenting ancient oversights.But I must go and meet with danger there,Or it will seek me in another placeAnd find me worse provided.   Oh, fly to ScotlandTill that the nobles and the armèd commonsHave of their puissance made a little taste.If they get ground and vantage of the King,Then join you with them like a rib of steelTo make strength stronger; but, for all our loves,First let them try themselves. So did your son;He was so suffered. So came I a widow,And never shall have length of life enough#LBSFORGOLDHarry. In speech, bearing, and diet; in inclinations toward pleasure, in military actions, and in moods, he was the target, mirror, example, and rulebook that other men followed. And him—Oh wondrous him! Oh miracle of men!—you left him! The best man in the world, unsupported by you, faced the hideous god of war from a position of weakness. His only defense was the sound of his own name, and that is how you left him.Never insult his memory by letting your honor count more with strangers than with him. Leave them alone: Marshal Mowbray and the Archbishop are strong. If my darling Harry had had half their army, I might be hanging on his neck today, talking about Prince Hal’s grave.For goodness sake, pretty daughter-in-law. You take me out of myself, reminding me again of these past mistakes. But I must go and face danger there or danger will find me somewhere else, where I will be less prepared.Oh, run to Scotland until these noblemen and theirarmies have skirmished against the king.If they make any headway against the King, then join them, and like a steel rod make their strength even stronger. But in the name of the love you feel for us, let them begin on their own. That’s how your son fought. You allowed him to do that, and that’s how I became a widow. If I spend the rest of my life pouring tears on