I make them? Gluttony and diseases make them; I makethem not.If the cook help to make the gluttony, you help to make thediseases, Doll. We catch of you, Doll, we catch of you. Grantthat, my poor virtue, grant that.Yea, joy, our chains and our jewels.Your broaches, pearls, and ouches—for to serve bravely isto come halting off, you know; to come off the breach withhis pike bent bravely, and to surgery bravely, to venture uponthe charged chambers bravely—Hang yourself, you muddy conger, hang yourself!By my troth, this is the old fashion. You two never meet butyou fall to some discord. You are both, i' good truth, asrheumatic as two dry toasts. You cannot one bear withanother’s confirmities. What the good-year! One must bear,and that must be you. You are the weaker vessel, as they say,the emptier vessel.Can a weak empty vessel bear such a huge full hogshead?There’s a whole merchant’s venture of Bourdeaux stuff inhim. You have not seen a hulk better stuffed in the hold. —ome, I’ll be friends with thee, Jack. Thou art going to the#LBSFORGOLDI make them fat? Gluttony and disease will make men fat; I have nothing to do with it.Well, cooks help create gluttony, by making and selling food—the object of gluttony. And you help create diseases, Doll. We catch them from you, Doll, we catch them from you: admit it.Sure, sweetheart. You catch us by the chains and the jewels, and then you steal them from us.“Your brooches, pearls, and gems”This might be a line from a ballad. “Ouches,” in the original Shakespearean line, meant both “gem, brooch, or buckle” and “sore.” Falstaff jokes that the “jewels” men get from Doll are the sores of a venereal disease.brooches, pearls, and gems”—We fight bravely and then come away limping. We retreat from the breach in the wall with our weapons bravely bent. We head off to the doctor, bravely. And then we charge into the loaded chambersFalstaff describes a bout of venereal disease as a military battle.loaded chambers again, bravely.Drop dead, you filthy eel. Drop dead!I swearIn Shakespeare’s line, Mistress Quickly mistakenly uses “rheumatic” for “choleric” (i.e., irritable) and “confirmities” for “infirmities.”swear, this is how it always is. You two even see each other without fighting. You’re as hot as dry toast, you can’t stand each other’s bad qualities. Good grief! But one of you has to bear the burden, and that’s you, Doll. You’re the weaker sex, the empty vessel.Can a weak, empty vessel bear the burden of such a huge, full barrel? There’s a whole merchant’s stock of Bordeaux wine in him; you’ve never seen a ship with a fuller cargo hold. Come, Jack, I’ll be friends with