wars, and whether I shall ever see thee again or no, there isnobody cares.Sir, Ancient Pistol’s below and would speak withyou.Hang him, swaggering rascal! Let him not come hither. It isthe foul-mouthed’st rogue in England.If he swagger, let him not come here. No, by my faith, I mustlive among my neighbors. I’ll no swaggerers: I am in goodname and fame with the very best. Shut the door. Therecomes no swaggerers here. I have not lived all this while tohave swaggering now. Shut the door, I pray you.Dost thou hear, hostess?Pray you pacify yourself, Sir John. There comes no swaggerershere.Dost thou hear? It is mine ancient.Tilly-vally, Sir John, ne'er tell me. And your ancientswaggerer comes not in my doors. I was before MasterTisick, the debuty t' other day, and, as he said to me—’twasno longer ago than Wednesday last, i' good faith—“Neighbour Quickly,” says he—Master Dumb, our minister,was by then—“Neighbour Quickly,” says he, “receive thosethat are civil, for,” said he, “you are in an ill name.” Now hesaid so, I can tell whereupon. “For,” says he, “you are anhonest woman, and well thought on. Therefore take heedwhat guests you receive. Receive,” says he, “no swaggering#LBSFORGOLDyou. You’re going off to war, and whether or not I ever see you again—well, who cares.Sir, Ensign Pistol’s downstairs. He wants to talk with you.Let him drop dead, that hot-tempered jerk! Don’t let him in: he’s got the foulest mouth in England.If he’s going to make trouble, don’t let him in. No way; I have my neighbors to think about. I’ll have no troublemakers here. I’ve got my good reputation to watch out for. Shut the doors; no troublemakers are getting in here. I haven’t lived this long to have trouble now. Shut the doors, please.Do you hear, hostess?Please, be quiet a second, Sir John. No troublemakers are coming in here.Didn’t you hear? It’s my ensign.Oh fiddlesticks, Sir John, I don’t want to hear it. Your Ensign Troublemaker is not coming in here. I talked to Master Tisick, the deputy, the other day. And he said to me—it couldn’t have been longer ago than last Wednesday—“I swear, neighbor Quickly,” he said. (Master Dumbe, the minister, was here at the time.) “Neighbor Quickly,” he said, “only let in people who are well behaved, because,” he said, “your reputation is suffering.” He said that, and I’ll tell you why. “You’re an honest woman, and people think highly of