for what? For tearing a poor whore’s ruff in a bawdy house?He a captain! Hang him, rogue. He lives upon mouldystewed prunes and dried cakes. A captain? God’s light, thesevillains will make the word as odious as the word “occupy,”which was an excellent good word before it was ill sorted.Therefore captains had need look to ’t.Pray thee go down, good ancient.Hark thee hither, Mistress Doll.Not I. I tell thee what, Corporal Bardolph, I could tear her.I’ll be revenged of her.Pray thee go down.I’ll see her damned first to Pluto’s damnèd lake, by thishand, to th' infernal deep with Erebus and tortures vile also.Hold hook and line, say I. Down, down, dogs! Down, Fates!Have we not Hiren here?Good Captain Peesell, be quiet. 'Tis very late, i' faith. Ibeseek you now, aggravate your choler.These be good humors indeed. Shall pack-horsesAnd hollow pampered jades of Asia, which cannot go but   thirty mile a day,Compare with Caesars and with cannibals, and Troyant      Greeks? Nay, rather damn them with King   Cerberus, and let the welkin roar. Shall we fall foul   for toys?#LBSFORGOLDtearing a poor whore’s clothes in a whorehouse? Him, a captain? Let him drop dead, the rogue! He lives off the moldy food you find in brothels. A captain? For God’s sake! Men like him will make the word “captain” as nasty as the word “occupy,”occupy = slang for “copulate”“occupy,” which was a fine word before it got corrupted. Captains had better watch out.Please, calm down, good ensign.Listen here, Mistress Doll.Not me. I’ll tell you what, Corporal Bardolph, I could tear her. I’ll get revenge on her.Please, calm down!I’ll see her damned first. To the waters of hell, I swear, to the endless deep, with chaos and vile tortures. Hold onto that pole, I say. Down, down, dogs! Down, fates! Here’s my sword!Captain Pisser, be quiet! It’s late. I beg of you, stop being angry!Now we’re talking! Are we going to let old nagsFrom here until he exits, Pistol’s language is strange and heightened. He continually makes garbled references to classical plays and poems that would have been familiar to Shakespeare’s audience.nags and pampered horses (who can’t manage more than a few miles a day) be compared with kings, and generals, and mythic heroes? No! Damn them to hell, and let the storms rage! Should we fight over nothing?