By my troth, captain, these are very bitter words.Begone, good ancient. This will grow to a brawl anon.Die men like dogs! Give crowns like pins! Have we notHiren here?O' my word, captain, there’s none such here. What the good-year, do you think I would deny her? For God’s sake, bequiet.Then feed and be fat, my fair Calipolis. Come, give ’s somesack. Si fortune me tormente, sperato me contento. Fear webroadsides? No, let the fiend give fire. Give me some sack,and, sweetheart, lie thou there. (lays down his sword) Comewe to full points here? And are etceteras nothing?Pistol, I would be quiet.Sweet knight, I kiss thy neaf. What, we have seen the sevenstars.For God’s sake, thrust him downstairs. I cannot endure sucha fustian rascal.“Thrust him downstairs”? Know we not Galloway nags?Quoit him down, Bardolph, like a shove-groat shilling. Nay,an he do nothing but speak nothing, he shall be nothing here.#LBSFORGOLDMy goodness, captain! Those are strong words!You should go now, ensign. This is going to get out of control in a minute.Let men die like dogs! Give away kings' crowns like they’re nothing! Isn’t this a sword we have here?My word of honorMistress Quickly mishears the word “Hiren” as a woman’s name.word of honor, captain, there’s no such thing here! For goodness sake! Do you think I’d say she’s not if she were? For God’s sake, be quiet!Then eat and grow fat, my sweet lady! Come, bring me some wine. Si
fortuna me tormente“If fortune torments me, hope contents me.” Pistol’s motto is a garbled mix of French, Spanish, and Italian.fortuna me tormente, sperato me contento. Are we scared of an attack? No! Let the devil open fire. Give me some wine, and darling, lie there. (he lays his sword down) Is the party over? What about the rest of it, the et ceteraset ceteras = slang for “vaginas”et ceteras?Pistol, I’d be quiet if I were you.Sweet knight, I kiss your fist. Look! It’s so late—we can see the Big Dipper out.For God’s sake, throw him down the stairs. I can’t stand such a worthless jerk.Throw him down the stairs? Don’t we know a common prostitute when we see one?Toss him down, Bardolph, like a coin on a game board. He does nothing but talk a bunch of nothing, so he’s going to count for nothing here.