Peace, good Doll. Do not speak like a death’s-head; do not bidme remember mine end.Sirrah, what humor’s the Prince of?A good shallow young fellow, he would have made a goodpantler; he would a' chipped bread well.They say Poins has a good wit.He a good wit? Hang him, baboon. His wit’s as thick asTewksbury mustard. There’s no more conceit in him than isin a mallet.Why does the Prince love him so then?Because their legs are both of a bigness, and he plays atquoits well, and eats conger and fennel, and drinks offcandles' ends for flap-dragons, and rides the wild mare withthe boys, and jumps upon joint stools, and swears with agood grace, and wears his boots very smooth, like unto thesign of the Leg, and breeds no bate with telling of discreetstories, and such other gambol faculties he has that show aweak mind and an able body, for the which the Prince admitshim; for the Prince himself is such another. The weight of ahair will turn the scales between their avoirdupois.#LBSFORGOLDQuiet, Doll. Don’t talk like a death’s-headdeath’s-head = a skull, used as a reminder of one’s mortalitydeath’s-head. Don’t make me think of my own end.Sirrah, what’s the PrinceDirectors must decide if Doll sees Hal and Poins and sets Falstaff up, or if she doesn’t see them and happens to ask these questions innocently.Prince like?He’s a shallow youngster. He would have made a good pantry servant: he would have been great at trimming the crusts off bread.They say Poins is smart.Him, smart? Hang him, he’s a baboon! He’s as thick as mustard, and no smarter than a sledgehammer.Then why does the Prince love him?Because their legs are the same size, and he likes to play the game of quoits and eat fatty foods; and he’ll play drinking games, like dropping burning candle ends into his drinks. He plays on the see-saw with the boys, and pulls crazy stunts, and curses nicely. And his boots fit nice and smooth, just like the ones painted on the shoe store’s signs. And he doesn’t cause trouble by spilling secrets. He has all kinds of qualities associated with weak minds and healthy bodies, and that’s why the Prince keeps him around: because the Prince is exactly the same. There’s not a hair’s difference between the two of them.