You whoreson candle-mine, you how vilely did you speak ofme even now before this honest, virtuous, civilgentlewoman!God’s blessing of your good heart, and so she is, by my troth.Didst thou hear me?Yea, and you knew me, as you did when you ran away byGad’s Hill. You knew I was at your back, and spoke it onpurpose to try my patience.No, no, no; not so. I did not think thou wast within hearing.I shall drive you, then, to confess the wilfull abuse, and thenI know how to handle you.No abuse, Hal, o' mine honor, no abuse.Not to dispraise me and call me pantier and bread-chipperand I know not what?No abuse, Hal.No abuse?No abuse, Ned, i' th' world, honest Ned, none. I dispraisedhim before the wicked, that the wicked might not fall in lovewith thee; in which doing, I have done the part of a carefulfriend and a true subject, and thy father is to give me thanksfor it. No abuse, Hal.—None, Ned, none. No, faith, boys, none.#LBSFORGOLDYou son of a whore, you giant piece of candle wax, you said such horrible things about me just now, in front of this honest, upstanding and well-behaved lady.May God bless your good heart! She is all that, I swear.Did you hear me?Yes. And you knew I was there, right? It’s just like when you ran away at Gad’s HillThe incident at Gad’s Hill occurs in Act Two of Henry IV, Part One.Gad’s Hill : you knew I was the one who beat you, and you made up some story just to irritate me.No, no, no. Not at all. I had no idea you were there.Then I’m going to make you confess that you deliberately slandered me. And then I’ll know what to do next.No slander, Hal. On my honor, no slander.No? To malign me, and call me a pantry servant and a bread-trimmer, and I don’t know what else?No slander, Hal.No slander?No slander, Ned, in the world, honest Ned, none. I maligned him only to the wicked, so that the wicked wouldn’t fall in love with him. And by doing that, I’ve acted like a good friend and loyal subject, and your father should thank me for it. No slander, Hal, none, Ned. No, truly boys, none.