See now whether pure fear and entire cowardice doth notmake thee wrong this virtuous gentlewoman to close withus. Is she of the wicked, is thine hostess here of the wicked,or is thy boy of the wicked, or honest Bardolph, whose zealburns in his nose, of the wicked?Answer, thou dead elm, answer.The fiend hath pricked down Bardolph irrecoverable, andhis face is Lucifer’s privy kitchen, where he doth nothing butroast malt-worms. For the boy, there is a good angel abouthim, but the devil outbids him too.For the women?For one of them, she’s in hell already and burns poor souls.For the other, I owe her money, and whether she be damnedfor that I know not.No, I warrant you.No, I think thou art not; I think thou art quit for that. Marry,there is another indictment upon thee for suffering flesh tobe eaten in thy house contrary to the law, for the which Ithink thou wilt howl.All vitlars do so. What’s a joint of mutton or two in a wholeLent?You, gentlewoman.What says your Grace?His grace says that which his flesh rebels against.#LBSFORGOLDNow your absolute fear and utter cowardliness has made you wrong this good lady in order to make peace with us. Is she wicked? Is this hostess here wicked? Is your boy here wicked? Or honest Bardolph, whose piety burns in his face? Is he wicked?Answer, you withered old trunk, answer.The devil has marked Bardolph as long gone, and his face is Lucifer’s kitchen, where only drunks are served. As for the boy, he may have a good spirit on one shoulder, but the devil on the other is stronger.And the women?One of them is in hell already, where she gets poor souls hot. As for the other, I owe her money. If she’s damned for that, I have no idea.I’m not, I promise you that.No, I think you’re not. I think you’ve been excused for that. But there’s another charge against you. You serve flesh in this place, and that’s against the law. You’re going to hell for that.Everybody who serves food does that. What’s wrong with a bite or two of meat during Lent?You, good lady—What is it, gracious sir?He may speak to you graciously, but his body feels otherwise.