again. And I may say to you, we knew where the bona robaswere and had the best of them all at commandment. Thenwas Jack Falstaff, now Sir John, a boy, and page to ThomasMowbray, Duke of Norfolk.This Sir John, cousin, that comes hither anon about soldiers?The same Sir John, the very same. I see him break Scoggin’shead at the court gate, when he was a crack not thus high; andthe very same day did I fight with one Sampson Stockfish,a fruiterer, behind Grey’s Inn. Jesu, Jesu, the mad days thatI have spent! And to see how many of my old acquaintanceare dead.We shall all follow, cousin.Certain, ’tis certain; very sure, very sure. Death, as thePsalmist saith, is certain to all. All shall die. How a goodyoke of bullocks at Stamford Fair?By my troth, cousin, I was not there.Death is certain. Is old Dooble of your town living yet?Dead, sir.Jesu, Jesu, dead! He drew a good bow, and dead? He shot afine shoot. John o' Gaunt loved him well, and betted muchmoney on his head. Dead! He would have clapped i' th'clout at twelve score, and carried you a forehand shaft afourteen and fourteen and a half, that it would have done aman’s heart good to see. How a score of ewes now?#LBSFORGOLDin the world has seen four swashbucklers like us. And let me tell you this: we knew where to find the highest-quality whores, and the best of them were at our beck and call. At that time, Jack Falstaff, now Sir John, was just a boy. He worked as a page for Thomas Mowbray, the Duke of Norfolk.Do you mean the same Sir John that’s coming here soon to recruit soldiers?The same Sir John, the very same. I saw him beat Skogan upon the head when he was a little tyke, not this high. The same day, I had a fight with a guy named Sampson Stockfish. He sold fruit behind Gray’s Inn. Jesus, Jesus! I’ve had some crazy times! To think that so many of my old pals are dead!We’ll all follow them, cousin.Right you are, very right. That’s for sure, that’s for sure. Death, as the Psalms say, is certain. Everyone dies. How much are they getting for good young bulls at the Stamford county fair?Truly, I wasn’t there.Death is certain. Is old Double from your hometown still alive?Dead, sir.Jesus, Jesus, dead! He was a good archer, and dead! He could fire one heck of a shot. John of Gaunt loved him, and used to wager on his shooting. Dead! He could hit a target from two hundred and forty yards, and he could shoot a straight arrow two hundred and eighty yards—maybe even two hundred and ninety. That was something to see. How much are they getting for twenty ewes?