“Accommodated.” It comes of accommodo. Very good, a good phrase.Pardon, sir; I have heard the word—“phrase” call you it? Bythis day, I know not the phrase, but I will maintain the wordwith my sword to be a soldierlike word, and a word ofexceeding good command, by heaven. “Accommodated,”that is when a man is, as they say, accommodated, or whena man is being whereby he may be thought to beaccommodated, which is an excellent thing.It is very just. Look, here comes good Sir John.—Give meyour good hand, give me your Worship’s good hand. By mytroth, you like well and bear your years very well. Welcome,good Sir John.I am glad to see you well, good Master Robert Shallow.—Master Sure-card, as I think?No, Sir John. It is my cousin Silence, in commission with me.Good Master Silence, it well befits you should be of thepeace.Your good Worship is welcome.Fie, this is hot weather, gentlemen. Have you provided mehere half a dozen sufficient men?Marry, have we, sir. Will you sit?#LBSFORGOLDof phrase deserve to be praised. “Accommodated!” It comes from the Latin, “accommodo.” Very good. That’s a good turn of phrase.Excuse me, sir. I’ve heard the word. You call it a turn of phrase? I don’t know anything about phrases, but I’ll fight for the word. It’s a good, soldier-like word; a word with many uses, to be sure. “Accommodated.” You can say that a man is accommodated when he has been furnished with supplies. And you can also say that a man is being accommodated when he’s, you know, being accommodatedBardolph here gives “being accommodated” a sexual connotation.being accommodated. Which is an excellent thing.It certainly is. Look, here comes good Sir John. Let me shake your hand; let me shake your hand, sir. I swear, you look good, like you haven’t aged a day. Welcome, good Sir John.I’m glad to see you’re well, Master Robert Shallow. And this is Master Surecard, isn’t it?No, Sir John. It’s my cousin Silence. Like me, he’s also a justice of the peace.Master Silence. Your name suits a justice of “the peace.”Welcome, sir.Damn! It’s hot out, gentlemen. Have you found half a dozen able-bodied men for me?Yes sir, we have. Won’t you sit?