Ha, cousin Silence, that thou hadst seen that that this knightand I have seen!—Ha, Sir John, said I well?We have heard the chimes at midnight, Master Shallow.That we have, that we have, that we have. In faith, Sir John,we have. Our watchword was “Hem, boys.” Come, let’s todinner; come, let’s to dinner. Jesus, the days that we haveseen! Come, come.Good Master Corporate Bardolph, stand my friend, andhere’s four Harry ten-shillings in French crowns for you. Invery truth, sir, I had as lief be hanged, sir, as go. And yet, formine own part, sir, I do not care, but rather because I amunwilling, and, for mine own part, have a desire to stay withmy friends. Else, sir, I did not care, for mine own part, so much.Go to. Stand aside.And, good Master Corporal Captain, for my old dame’ssake, stand my friend. She has nobody to do anything abouther when I am gone, and she is old and cannot help herself:You shall have forty, sir.Go to. Stand aside.By my troth, I care not. A man can die but once. We owe Goda death. I’ll ne'er bear a base mind. An ’t be my destiny, so;an ’t be not, so. No man’s too good to serve ’s prince, and letit go which way it will, he that dies this year is quit for thenext.#LBSFORGOLDHa, cousin Silence, if only you’d seen what this knight and I have seen! Ha! Am I right, Sir John?We’ve seen the clock strike midnight, Master Shallow.We sure have, we sure have, we sure have. I swear, Sir John, we sure have. Our slogan was “Down the hatch, boys!” Come, let’s have lunch, let’s have lunch. Jesus, the things we’ve seen! Come, come.Good Master CorporateBullcalf’s mistake for “corporal”Corporate Bardolph, be my friend. Here are some French crowns for you, worth four Harry ten shillingsA “Harry ten shilling” was a ten-shilling coin minted during the reign of Henry VII; by Shakespeare’s time, they were each worth about five shillings.Harry ten shillings.I’m telling you, sir, I’d just as soon be hanged as go fight. It’s not that I care about my well-being. It’s just that I’m not willing to go, and furthermore, I’d like to stay here with my friends. But really, I don’t care about myself.Whatever. Stand over there.And, good Master Corporal Captain, for my old lady’s sake, be my friend. She has nobody here to help her do anything once I’m gone. She’s old and can’t do much by herself. I’ll give you forty shillings, sir.Whatever. Stand over there.I’ll tell you the truth: I don’t care one way or the other. You only die once, and we all owe God a death. I won’t do anything underhanded. If it’s my fate, it’s my fate. If not, not. No man is too good to serve his country. Whatever happens, happens. If you die this year, you’re paid up for next year.