charge you and discharge you with the motion of apewterer’s hammer, come off and on swifter than he thatgibbets on the brewer’s bucket. And this same half-facedfellow, Shadow, give me this man. He presents no mark tothe enemy. The foeman may with as great aim level at theedge of a penknife. And for a retreat, how swiftly will thisFeeble the woman’s tailor, run off! O, give me the sparemen, and spare me the great ones.—Put me a caliver intoWart’s hand, Bardolph.Hold, Wart. Traverse. Thas, thas, thas.Come, manage me your caliver: so, very well, go to, verygood, exceeding good. O, give me always a little, lean, old,chopped, bald shot. Well said, i' faith, Wart. Th' art a goodscab. Hold, there’s a tester for thee.He is not his craft’s master. He doth not do it right. Iremember at Mile End Green, when I lay at Clement’s Inn—I was then Sir Dagonet in Arthur’s show—there was a littlequiver fellow, and he would manage you his piece thus. Andhe would about and about, and come you in, and come youin. “Rah, tah, tah,” would he say. “Bounce,” would he say,and away again would he go, and again would he come. Ishall ne'er see such a fellow.These fellows will do well, Master Shallow.—God keepyou, Master Silence. I will not use many words with you.Fare you well, gentlemen both. I thank you. I must a dozenmile to-night.—Bardolph, give the soldiers coats.Sir John, the Lord bless you. God prosper your affairs. Godsend us peace. At your return, visit our house. Let our old#LBSFORGOLDstrength, height, bulk, and overall size? Give me his spirit, Master Shallow! Take a look at Wart. You see how ragged he looks? He can load and fire steadily—as steadily as a tinsmith’s hammer. He can advance and regroup fast—faster than a brewer’s delivery pail can be refilled. And this skinny guy, Shadow—give me this man. He offers no target to the enemy. The enemy might as well try aiming at a knife’s edge. And as for retreating, Feeble, the woman’s tailor, will run faster than you can imagine. Oh, give me the spare men and spare me the great ones! Bardolph, give Wart a musket.Here you go, Wart. Present arms! Right shoulder, arms! Left shoulder, arms!Come on, handle your weapon. Yes, good. Very good. Very, very good. Oh, give me a little, skinny, old, dried-out, bald rifleman any day. Good job, Wart. You’re a good scab of a guy. Wait, here’s a testertester = sixpencetester for you.He’s no expert. He’s not doing it right. I remember up at Mile-End Park, when I was at Clement’s Inn—I played the fool in the archery pageant. There was a nimble little guy, and he would handle his weapon like this, and he would run all over the place, and he’d charge and charge. “Rat-a-tat tat,” he’d say. “Bang!” he’d say. Then he’d run away, then come back. I never saw anybody like him.These guys will be fine, Master Shallow. God bless you, Master Silence—I won’t say much to you. Farewell, gentlemen, and thank you. I have to march twelve miles tonight. Bardolph, give the soldiers uniforms.God bless you, Sir John. May God bring you good luck, and bring us peace. When you come back, pay us