acquaintance be renewed. Peradventure I will with you tothe court.Fore God, would you would, Master Shallow.Go to. I have spoke at a word. God keep you.Fare you well, gentle gentlemen.On, Bardolph. Lead the men away.As I return, I will fetch off these justices. I do see the bottomof Justice Shallow. Lord, Lord, how subject we old men areto this vice of lying. This same starved justice hath donenothing but prate to me of the wildness of his youth and thefeats he hath done about Turnbull Street, and every thirdword a lie, duer paid to the hearer than the Turk’s tribute. Ido remember him at Clement’s Inn, like a man made aftersupper of a cheese paring. When he was naked, he was, forall the world, like a forked radish with a head fantasticallycarved upon it with a knife. He was so forlorn that hisdimensions to any thick sight were invincible. He was thevery genius of famine, yet lecherous as a monkey, and thewhores called him “mandrake.” He came ever in therearward of the fashion, and sung those tunes to theoverscutched huswives that he heard the carmen whistle,and swore they were his fancies or his good-nights.And now is this Vice’s dagger become a squire, and talks asfamiliarly of John o' Gaunt as if he had been sworn brotherto him, and I’ll be sworn he ne'er saw him but once in the#LBSFORGOLDa visit. Let’s renew our old friendship. Maybe I’ll even come with you to the royal court!I swear, I wish you would, Master Shallow.I meant what I said. May God keep you.Farewell, gentle gentlemen.March, Bardolph. Lead the men away.When I come back, I’ll expose these judges for the frauds that they are. I can see through this Judge Shallow. Lord, Lord; we old men sure know how to tell lies! This dried-up old judge has done nothing but go on and on to me about how wild he was when he was as a youth, and how many stunts he pulled in the seedy parts of town. Every third word he speaks is a lie, and he’ll tell lies quicker than a Turk will scramble to pay the sultan. I remember him at Clement’s Inn: he looked like a man someone carved after dinner out of a scrap of cheese. When he was naked he looked like a mandrake rootThe Turkish Sultan exacted notoriously harsh punishments on those who failed to pay him on time.mandrake root, with a fanciful head someone had carved in with a knife. He was so skinny that he was invisible to any man with imperfect vision; he truly was the embodiment of starvation. But he was as horny as a monkey: the whores called him “mandrake,” because mandrake stimulates the sex drive. He was always a little bit behind the times. He would hear the wagon drivers sing their songs, and then he’d go to his worn-out whores and sing them what he’d heard, pretending he had written them himself. And now this vile stick has become a landowner, and he talks about John of Gaunt like he was his own brother. I swear, he only saw Gaunt