And you shall say indeed it is the time,And not the King, that doth you injuries.Yet for your part, it not appears to meEither from the King or in the present timeThat you should have an inch of any groundTo build a grief on. Were you not restoredTo all the Duke of Norfolk’s seigniories,Your noble and right well remembered father’s?What thing, in honor, had my father lost,That need to be revived and breathed in me?The King that loved him, as the state stood then,Was force perforce compelled to banish him,And then that Harry Bolingbroke and he,Being mounted and both rousèd in their seats,Their neighing coursers daring of the spur,Their armèd staves in charge, their beavers down,Their eyes of fire sparking through sights of steelAnd the loud trumpet blowing them together,Then, then, when there was nothing could have stayedMy father from the breast of Bolingbroke,O, when the King did throw his warder down—His own life hung upon the staff he threw—Then threw he down himself and all their livesThat by indictment and by dint of swordHave since miscarried under Bolingbroke.You speak, Lord Mowbray, now you know not what.The Earl of Hereford was reputed thenIn England the most valiant gentleman.Who knows on whom fortune would then have smiled?But if your father had been victor there,He ne'er had borne it out of Coventry;For all the country in a general voiceCried hate upon him; and all their prayers and love#LBSFORGOLDthat harms you, and not the King himself. But as for you in particular, it seems to me that you have no foundation on which to build a quarrel with either the King or your current situation. Wasn’t the entire estate of the Duke of Norfolk, your father, just given back to you?What did my father lose that I now need to restore? Richard, the King at the time, loved my father, but given what was happening he had no choice but to banish him. And then, at Coventry, my father and Harry Bolingbroke met in a formal challengeThe duel between Bolingbroke (now King Henry) and Norfolk (Mowbray’s father) occurs in Richard II, 1.3.challenge. They were both mounted on their horses and ready to charge. Their horses were neighing, anxiously waiting for their riders' spurs to drive them forward. Their steel-tipped lances were ready for the attack. The visors of their helmets were down. Their eyes were on fire behind the steel slits. The trumpet sounded, and then—when there was nothing that could have stopped my father from killing Bolingbroke—the King prevented the fight by throwing down his royal scepter. That scepter was a symbol of his life; when he threw it down, he threw down his life and the lives of every man that has since died at war under the leadership of Bolingbroke.You don’t know what you’re talking about, Lord Mowbray. Bolingbroke at the time was considered the bravest gentleman in England. Who knows who would have won that fight? But even if your father had won, he never would have made it out of Coventry. The whole country hated him, and they loved and prayed for Bolingbroke.