Were set on Hereford, whom they doted onAnd blessed and graced, indeed more than the King.But this is mere digression from my purpose.Here come I from our princely generalTo know your griefs, to tell you from his GraceThat he will give you audience; and whereinIt shall appear that your demands are just,You shall enjoy them, everything set offThat might so much as think you enemies.But he hath forced us to compel this offer;And it proceeds from policy, not love.Mowbray, you overween to take it so.This offer comes from mercy, not from fear.For, lo, within a ken our army lies,Upon mine honor, all too confidentTo give admittance to a thought of fear.Our battle is more full of names than yours,Our men more perfect in the use of arms,Our armor all as strong, our cause the best.Then reason will our hearts should be as good.Say you not then our offer is compelled.Well, by my will, we shall admit no parley.That argues but the shame of your offense.A rotten case abides no handling.Hath the Prince John a full commission,In very ample virtue of his father,To hear and absolutely to determineOf what conditions we shall stand upon?#LBSFORGOLDThey blessed him and adored him even more than the King. But I digress. I was sent here by our general, the Prince, to hear your grievances, and to tell you that he’s prepared to listen to you. If it appears that your demands are legitimate, he’ll give you what you want—except for those things which might suggest that you’re his enemies.But he’s made us force him to listen to us. His offer isn’t motivated by love; it’s a political move.Mowbray, you’re out of line to think that. His offer is made out of mercy, not fear. Just look, you can see our army from here. I give you my word of honor: that army is so confident, it won’t even allow the thought of fear to enter. Our army has more important people than yours, and better soldiers; our armor is every bit as strong as yours, and our cause is better. It’s only logical that we should be as courageous as you are. So don’t say you’ve forced the Prince to do anything at all.Well, I say we won’t agree to any conference.That just proves that what you’re doing here is shameful. A rotten container falls apart at the touch; likewise, a rotten cause cannot withstand scrutiny and argument.Has the King given Prince John his full authorization to listen to our complaint, and address it in any way the Prince sees fit?