That is intended in the General’s name.I muse you make so slight a question.Then take, my Lord of Westmoreland, this schedule,For this contains our general grievances.Each several article herein redressed,All members of our cause, both here and hence,That are insinewed to this action,Acquitted by a true substantial formAnd present execution of our willsTo us and to our purposes confined,We come within our awful banks againAnd knit our powers to the arm of peace.This will I show the General. Please you, lords,In sight of both our battles we may meet,And either end in peace, which God so frame,Or to the place of difference call the swordsWhich must decide it.   My lord, we will do so.There is a thing within my bosom tells meThat no conditions of our peace can stand.Fear you not that. If we can make our peaceUpon such large terms and so absoluteAs our conditions shall consist upon,Our peace shall stand as firm as rocky mountains.Yea, but our valuation shall be suchThat every slight and false-derivèd cause,Yea, every idle, nice, and wanton reason,Shall to the King taste of this action,#LBSFORGOLDThat goes without saying. I’m amazed you’d even ask such a foolish question.Then, Lord Westmoreland, take this document. It lists our grievances. If each complaint listed here is addressed, and if everyone on our side, both here and elsewhere, is granted a full pardon and immediate satisfaction of our demands, then we’ll return to our own boundaries again and work together for the cause of peace.I’ll show this to the general. Please, let’s meet at a place where both our armies can see us. Then either let our talks end in peace—God willing!—or let us take the fight to the battlefield where it will be decided.My lord, we will do so.Something in my heart tells me that no peace we agree to could possibly last.Don’t worry about that. If we can come to terms that are as comprehensive as the ones we’re insisting upon, then the peace will be as durable as rocky mountains.Yes, but in the future the King will think so poorly of us that every little slight, every false accusation, every tiny, silly, frivolous thing will seem to him to be a revival of this rebellion. Even if we were as devoted to the King as martyrs are to their causes, he’ll regard us so skeptically that even the good things we do for him