And so success of mischief shall be born,And heir from heir shall hold this quarrel upWhiles England shall have generation.You are too shallow, Hastings, much too shallowTo sound the bottom of the after-times.Pleaseth your Grace to answer them directlyHow far forth you do like their articles.I like them all, and do allow them well,And swear here by the honor of my blood,My father’s purposes have been mistook,And some about him have too lavishlyWrested his meaning and authority.
(to ARCHBISHOP) My lord, these griefs shall be with speed redressed;Upon my soul, they shall. If this may please you,Discharge your powers unto their several counties,As we will ours, and here, between the armies,Let’s drink together friendly and embrace,That all their eyes may bear those tokens homeOf our restorèd love and amity.I take your princely word for these redresses.I give it you, and will maintain my word,And thereupon I drink unto your Grace.Go, captain, and deliver to the armyThis news of peace. Let them have pay, and part.I know it will well please them. Hie thee, captain.To you, my noble Lord of Westmoreland.#LBSFORGOLDand in this way the fight will go on from father to son for all time until England itself has no more new generations.You’re not wise enough, Hastings, not wise enough at all to see into eternity.Your highness, why not tell them directly what you think of their list of grievances.I agree with all of them, and I admit that they’re legitimate. I swear, on my family’s honor: my father’s intentions have been misunderstood, and some of his subordinates have overstepped their authority in executing his orders.
(to ARCHBISHOP) Sir, we will make good on the wrongs that have been done to you, I swear on my soul. If this pleases you, then disperse your armies and send them back where they came from; we shall do the same. And here, where both armies can see us, we’ll embrace and drink a friendly toast to one another. The soldiers will go home with evidence that we’re friends once again.I’ll take your word as a prince that you’ll make good on these things.I give you my word, and I’ll keep it. And with that, I drink a toast to you.Go, captain. Tell the army this news of peace. Pay them, and send them away. I know it will make them happy. Hurry, captain.Here’s to you, good Lord Westmoreland.