The heat is past. Follow no further now.Call in the powers, good cousin Westmoreland.Now, Falstaff, where have you been all this while?When everything is ended, then you come.These tardy tricks of yours will, on my life,One time or other break some gallows' back.I would be sorry, my lord, but it should be thus. I never knewyet but rebuke and check was the reward of valor. Do youthink me a swallow, an arrow, or a bullet? Have I in my poorand old motion the expedition of thought? I have speededhither with the very extremest inch of possibility. I havefoundered ninescore and odd posts, and here, travel-taintedas I am, have in my pure and immaculate valor taken SirJohn Colevile of the Dale, a most furious knight andvalorous enemy. But what of that? He saw me and yielded,that I may justly say, with the hook-nosed fellow of Rome,“There, cousin, I came, saw, and overcame.”It was more of his courtesy than your deserving.I know not. Here he is, and here I yield him. And I beseechyour Grace let it be booked with the rest of this day’s deeds,or, by the Lord, I will have it in a particular ballad else, withmine own picture on the top on ’t, Colevile kissing my foot;to the which course if I be enforced, if you do not all show#LBSFORGOLDThe danger’s over: let’s stop here.Call off the operation, Westmoreland.Falstaff, where have you been all this time? When everything is over, that’s when you start. This habit of laziness of yours will bust a gallows to bits one of these days, mark my words.I’m sorry to hear you say that: I never realized that brave behavior should be rewarded with scolding and admonishing. Do you think I’m a bird, or an arrow, or a bullet? With this old, broken-down body, do you think I can move as fast as thought? I’ve gotten here as fast as humanly possible. I’ve burned out more than 180 horses, and—even though I’m spent from all that travel—I’ve managed, with my extraordinary bravery, to capture Sir John Coleville of the Valley, a brave knight and terrible enemy. But so what? He simply saw me and surrendered. So I can say, just like Julius Caesar, that “I came, I saw, I conquered.”He was just being polite; it’s not as if you did something to deserve it.I don’t know about that. Here he is: I turn him over to you. Please, sir, have it added to the record of things accomplished today. If you don’t, I’ll have a ballad printed about it, with a picture of Coleville kissing my foot on the cover. And if I’m forced to do that, and I