Retreat is made and execution stayed.Send Colevile with his confederatesTo York, to present execution.—Blunt, lead him hence, and see you guard him sure.And now dispatch we toward the court, my lords.I hear the King my father is sore sick.Our news shall go before us to his Majesty,
(to WESTMORELAND) Which, cousin, you shall bear to comfort   him,And we with sober speed will follow you.My lord, I beseech you give me leave to go throughGloucestershire, and, when you come to court, stand mygood lord, pray, in your good report.Fare you well, Falstaff. I, in my condition,Shall better speak of you than you deserve.I would you had but the wit; ’twere better than yourdukedom. Good faith, this same young sober-blooded boydoth not love me, nor a man cannot make him laugh. Butthat’s no marvel; he drinks no wine. There’s never none ofthese demure boys come to any proof, for thin drink doth soovercool their blood, and making many fish meals, that theyfall into a kind of male green-sickness, and then, when theymarry, they get wenches. They are generally fools andcowards, which some of us should be too, but forinflammation.#LBSFORGOLDThe order to pull back has been given, and the slaughter has been stopped.Send Coleville and his confederates to York, to be put to death immediately. Blunt, lead him away, and guard him carefully.And now, let’s get going back to the royal court: I understand that the King, my father, is gravely ill. Send news of our victory ahead of us. (to WESTMORELAND) You, cousin, will bring him this news and comfort him with it. We’ll follow you as quickly as we can.Sir, please give me permission to go via Gloucestershire. When you get to the court, please vouch for my good work here.Goodbye, Falstaff. By speaking on your behalf as a prince, I’ll be speaking better of you than you deserve.I wish you had the wit to accomplish that: it would be worth all your land. My goodness, this young, serious-minded boy doesn’t like me, and no one can make him laugh. But I guess that’s not surprising; after all, he doesn’t drink any wine. None of those prim boys ever amount to anything: weak beer and too many fish dinners makes their blood cool. They all turn anemic, like young girls. And then, when they finally get married, they can only father girls because they don’t have the stuff to produce sons. Non-drinkers are all generally fools and cowards. The rest of us would probably be