   Who’s here? Westmoreland?Health to my sovereign, and new happinessAdded to that that I am to deliver.Prince John your son doth kiss your Grace’s hand.Mowbray, the Bishop Scroop, Hastings, and allAre brought to the correction of your law.There is not now a rebel’s sword unsheathedBut peace puts forth her olive everywhere.The manner how this action hath been borneHere at more leisure may your Highness readWith every course in his particular.O Westmoreland, thou art a summer bird,Which ever in the haunch of winter singsThe lifting up of day.Here comes more news.From enemies heaven keep your Majesty,And when they stand against you, may they fallAs those that I am come to tell you of.The Earl Northumberland and the Lord Bardolph,With a great power of English and of Scots,Are by the shrieve of Yorkshire overthrown.The manner and true order of the fightThis packet, please it you, contains at large.And wherefore should these good news make me sick?Will fortune never come with both hands full,But write her fair words still in foulest letters?She either gives a stomach and no food—#LBSFORGOLDWho’s there? Westmoreland?I wish your highness good health, and happy news beyond the report I have to deliver! Prince John sends his respects: Mowbray, the Archbishop, Hastings and the rest are under arrest. There are no more rebels anywhere; the olive branch of peace has been extended everywhere.Here’s a letter explaining what happened. When you have time, you can read it and learn every detail.Oh Westmoreland; you’re like a summer bird, which sings the dawn in as winter ends.   Look, here’s more news.May heaven protect your highness from all enemies—and when they do rise up, may they fall just like the ones I’ve come to tell you about. The Earl of Northumberland and Lord Bardolph, with their mighty armies of Englishmen and Scotsmen, were defeated by the Sheriff of Yorkshire. This letter will tell you the details.Why am I sick at this good news? Why can’t life ever bring you things with their appropriate complements? Why is good news so often conveyed in ugly terms? Life either gives you hunger but no food—which is the