Such are the poor, in health—or else a feastAnd takes away the stomach—such are the rich,That have abundance and enjoy it not.I should rejoice now at this happy news,And now my sight fails, and my brain is giddy.O, me! Come near me, now I am much ill.Comfort, your Majesty.   O, my royal father!My sovereign lord, cheer up yourself, look up.Be patient, princes. You do know these fitsAre with his Highness very ordinary.Stand from him, give him air. He’ll straight be well.No, no, he cannot long hold out these pangs.Th' incessant care and labor of his mindHath wrought the mure that should confine it inSo thin that life looks through and will break out.The people fear me, for they do observeUnfathered heirs and loathly births of nature.The seasons change their manners, as the yearHad found some months asleep and leapt them over.The river hath thrice flowed, no ebb between,And the old folk, time’s doting chronicles,Say it did so a little time beforeThat our great-grandsire, Edward, sicked and died.Speak lower, princes, for the King recovers.#LBSFORGOLDexperience of poor, healthy people—or it gives you a feast with no appetite—which is how the rich live, who have wealth and abundance but cannot enjoy it. I should be celebrating this good news, and yet my eyesight is failing, and my brain is delirious. Oh God! Come to me, I’m very sick.Take care, your highness!Oh, my royal father!My lord, feel better; take courage.Wait a minute, princes. You know his highness has these episodes all the time. Move away from him. Give him air; he’ll be all right soon.No, no, he can’t survive these attacks much longer. His mind’s endless worry and concern have so shaken his body that it can barely hold together.The people are frightening me. They’ve seen terrible omens: children who seem to have supernatural fathers, and gruesomely deformed infants. The weather is in disarray, as if the calendar discovered some months were fast asleep, and decided to skip over them.The river has flooded three times, without receding between floods. The old people—those living history books—say that the last time this happened was when our great-grandfather, King Edward, fell ill and died.Speak more softly, princes: the King is recovering.