Lo where he comes.—Come hither to me, Harry.—Depart the chamber. Leave us here alone.I never thought to hear you speak again.Thy wish was father, Harry, to that thought.I stay too long by thee; I weary thee.Dost thou so hunger for mine empty chairThat thou wilt needs invest thee with my honorsBefore thy hour be ripe? O foolish youth,Thou seek’st the greatness that will overwhelm thee.Stay but a little, for my cloud of dignityIs held from falling with so weak a windThat it will quickly drop. My day is dim.Thou hast stol'n that which after some few hoursWere thine without offense, and at my deathThou hast sealed up my expectation.Thy life did manifest thou loved’st me not,And thou wilt have me die assured of it.Thou hid’st a thousand daggers in thy thoughts,Which thou hast whetted on thy stony heartTo stab at half an hour of my life.What, canst thou not forbear me half an hour?Then get thee gone and dig my grave thyself,And bid the merry bells ring to thine earThat thou art crownèd, not that I am dead.Let all the tears that should bedew my hearseBe drops of balm to sanctify thy head;Only compound me with forgotten dust.Give that which gave thee life unto the worms.Pluck down my officers, break my decrees,#LBSFORGOLDLook, here he comes. Come here, Harry. (to the rest) Leave the room, and leave us here alone.I never thought I’d hear you speak again.You thought that because you wished it to be true. I live too long for you; you’re tired of me. Are you so desperate for my throne that you would take the honors of kingship before it’s your time? Oh you foolish youth! You long for power that will end up overwhelming you. Wait a little while. What power I have left is held together so weakly that the lightest breeze would blow it away: my life is fading.You stole something from me that would freely have been yours in just a few hours. On my deathbed, you’ve confirmed all my expectations. All your life you showed that you didn’t love me, and now I will die certain of it. There are a thousand daggers in your thoughts, which you’ve sharpened on your stony heart with the hopes of stabbing me in the little time I have left. What? Couldn’t you endure me for half an hour? Then go and dig my grave yourself, and ring the bells to mark your coronation, not my death. Let all the tears that should be shed on my hearse be drops of holy water to bless your head.