Let it be cast and paid.—Sir John, you shall not be excused.Now, sir, a new link to the bucket must needs be had. And,sir, do you mean to stop any of William’s wages about thesack he lost the other day at Hinckley Fair?He shall answer it. Some pigeons, Davy, a couple of short-legged hens, a joint of mutton, and any pretty little tiny kickshaws, tell William cook.Doth the man of war stay all night, sir?Yea, Davy. I will use him well. A friend i' th' court is betterthan a penny in purse. Use his men well, Davy, for they arearrant knaves and will backbite.No worse than they are back-bitten, sir, for they havemarvellous foul linen.Well-conceited, Davy. About thy business, Davy.I beseech you, sir, to countenance William Visor of Woncotagainst Clement Perkes o' th' hill.There is many complaints, Davy, against that Visor. ThatVisor is an arrant knave, on my knowledge.I grant your Worship that he is a knave, sir, but yet, Godforbid, sir, but a knave should have some countenance at hisfriend’s request. An honest man, sir, is able to speak forhimself when a knave is not. I have served your Worshiptruly, sir, this eight years; an if I cannot once or twice in aquarter bear out a knave against an honest man, I have#LBSFORGOLDCheck the figures and then and pay it. Sir John, you will not be excused.Now, sir, we need some new chain for the bucket. And sir, do you plan to dock William’s pay for the wine he lost at the Hinckley fair?He’ll pay for that. Some pigeons, Davy; a couple of short-legged hens, a leg of lamb, and any fun little fancy dishes. Tell William the cook.Is the soldier staying all night?Yes, Davy. I’ll take good care of him. A friend at court is better than money in your pocket. Take good care of his men, Davy. They’re good-for-nothings, and they’ll bite you.No worse than they’re bitten, sir. Their clothes are full of lice.Good one, Davy. Get on with your work, Davy.Please, sir, rule in favor of William Visor of Woncot in his lawsuit against Clement Perkes of the hill.Davy, there are a lot of suits against that Visor. That Visor is a good-for-nothing, as best I can tell.I agree with your honor that he’s a good-for-nothing, but God forbid that a good-for-nothing should be denied a favor when his friend asks for one on his behalf. An honest man can speak for himself, but a good-for-nothing can’t. I’ve worked for you for eight years, sir. If I can’t get you to rule in favor of a good-