a very little credit with your Worship. The knave is minehonest friend, sir; therefore I beseech you let him becountenanced.Go to, I say he shall have no wrong. Look about, Davy.Where are you, Sir John? Come, come, come, off with yourboots.—Give me your hand, Master Bardolph.I am glad to see your Worship.I thank thee with all my heart, kind Master Bardolph, (to the
PAGE) and welcome, my tall fellow.—Come, Sir John.I’ll follow you, good Master Robert Shallow.Bardolph, look to our horses.If I were sawed into quantities, I should make four dozen ofsuch bearded hermits' staves as Master Shallow. It is awonderful thing to see the semblable coherence of his men’sspirits and his. They, by observing of him, do bearthemselves like foolish justices; he, by conversing withthem, is turned into a justice-like servingman. Their spiritsare so married in conjunction with the participation ofsociety that they flock together in consent like so many wildgeese. If I had a suit to Master Shallow, I would humor hismen with the imputation of being near their master;if to hismen, I would curry with Master Shallow that no man couldbetter command his servants. It is certain that either wisebearing or ignorant carriage is caught, as men take diseases,one of another. Therefore let men take heed of theircompany. I will devise matter enough out of this Shallow to#LBSFORGOLDfor-nothing once in a while, then obviously you don’t think very much of me. That good-for-nothing is my good friend, sir. So I ask you, please: rule in his favor.Stop now; I tell you he won’t be wronged. Now get going, Davy.Where are you, Sir John? Come, come, come. Takeyour boots off. Let me shake your hand, MasterBardolph.I’m glad to see you, your honor.I thank you with all my heart, Master Bardolph. (to the PAGE) Welcome, you tall fellow. Come, Sir John.I’ll be right behind you, Master Robert Shallow.Bardolph, get our horses ready.If I were cut into pieces, I’d make four dozen bearded broomsticks like this Master Shallow. It’s amazing to see the similarity between his men’s dispositions and his own. They watch him and behave like foolish judges, and he, by associating with them, turns into a judge-like workman. Their spirits are so closely joined by their intimate involvement, they’re like a flock of wild geese that fly in formation. If I needed a favor from Judge Shallow, I would make his men think that I’m a close friend of his. If I needed something from his men, I would flatter Shallow by telling him that no one commands servants better than he does. One thing’s for sure: the behavior of a wise man and that of an idiot are contagious, like diseases. They spread from person to person, which is why people must be careful about