Here comes the Prince.Good morrow, and God save your Majesty.This new and gorgeous garment majestySits not so easy on me as you think.—Brothers, you mix your sadness with some fear.This is the English, not the Turkish court;Not Amurath an Amurath succeeds,But Harry Harry. Yet be sad, good brothers,For, by my faith, it very well becomes you.Sorrow so royally in you appearsThat I will deeply put the fashion onAnd wear it in my heart. Why then, be sad.But entertain no more of it, good brothers,Than a joint burden laid upon us all.For me, by heaven, I bid you be assured,I’ll be your father and your brother too.Let me but bear your love, I ’ll bear your cares.Yet weep that Harry’s dead, and so will I,But Harry lives that shall convert those tearsBy number into hours of happiness.We hope no otherwise from your Majesty.You all look strangely on me. (to the CHIEF JUSTICE) And you   most.You are, I think, assured I love you not.I am assured, if I be measured rightly,Your Majesty hath no just cause to hate me.#LBSFORGOLDHere comes the Prince.Good morning, and God save your majesty!This new and gorgeous robe of majesty doesn’t fit me as comfortably as you think. Brothers, your sadness is mixed with fear. This is the English court, not the Turkish one. I’m not Amurath, who had his brothers killed when he inherited his father King Amurath’s crown; I’m a Harry, following another Harry. But be sad, brothers, because truly, it suits you. You look so regal in your sorrow that I will solemnly put it on as well, and wear it in my heart. Be sad, but don’t let it be anything more than a burden we all share jointly. I want you to rest assured that as far as I’m concerned, I’ll be both your father and your brother now. Just trust me with your love, and you can trust me to care for you. Keep weeping for Harry, who is dead; I will, as well. But one Harry still lives, and he will convert those tears one by one into hours of happiness.We hope that’s exactly what you’ll do.You’re all looking at me strangely. (to the CHIEF JUSTICE) You, most of all. I think you’re certain that I don’t love you.I’m certain that, if my actions are fairly considered, your majesty will find no just reason to hate me.