No, thou arrant knave. I would to God that I might die, thatI might have thee hanged. Thou hast drawn my shoulder outof joint.The Constables have delivered her over to me, and she shallhave whipping cheer enough, I warrant her. There hath beena man or two lately killed about her.Nut-hook, nut-hook, you lie! Come on, I ’ll tell thee what,thou damned tripe-visaged rascal: an the child I now go withdo miscarry, thou wert better thou hadst struck thy mother,thou paper-faced villain.O the Lord, that Sir John were come! I would make this abloody day to somebody. But I pray God the fruit of herwomb might miscarry.If it do, you shall have a dozen of cushions again; you havebut eleven now. Come, I charge you both go with me, for theman is dead that you and Pistol beat amongst you.I’ll tell you what, you thin man in a censer, I will have youas soundly swinged for this, you bluebottle rogue, you filthyfamished correctioner. If you be not swinged, I’ll forswearhalf-kirtles.Come, come, you she knight-errant, come.#LBSFORGOLDNo, you horrible rogue! I wish to God I were dead, so I could have you hanged. You dislocated my shoulder!The street cops handed her over to me, and she’ll be whipped through and through, I promise. She’s been involved in a couple of murders.Pig, Pig! You lie! Come on! I’ll tell you what, you damned flabby-faced moron: if I have a miscarriage now, you’ll wish you’d hit your own mother, you pasty-faced villain!Oh God, I wish Sir John would come! He’d make somebody bleed for this. I pray to God that she has a miscarriage!Well, if she does, you’ll have twelve cushions on your couch again. You have only eleven now, since she’s wearing one of them under her dress. I order both of you to come with me: the man that you two and Pistol beat up is dead.I’ll tell you what, you stick-figure; I’ll have you beaten soundly for this. You blue-coated rogue, you filthy, starving correctioner! If you aren’t walloped for this, I’ll swear off skirts.Come on, come on, you little night sinner, come on.