God save thy Grace, King Hal, my royal Hal.The heavens thee guard and keep, most royal imp of fame!God save thee, my sweet boy!My Lord Chief Justice, speak to that vain man.
(to FALSTAFF) Have you your wits? Know you what ’tis to   speak?My King, my Jove, I speak to thee, my heart!I know thee not, old man. Fall to thy prayers.How ill white hairs become a fool and jester.I have long dreamt of such a kind of man,So surfeit-swelled, so old, and so profane;But being awaked, I do despise my dream.Make less thy body hence, and more thy grace;Leave gormandizing. Know the grave doth gapeFor thee thrice wider than for other men.Reply not to me with a fool-born jest.Presume not that I am the thing I was,For God doth know—so shall the world perceive—That I have turned away my former self.So will I those that kept me company.When thou dost hear I am as I have been,Approach me, and thou shalt be as thou wast,The tutor and the feeder of my riots.Till then I banish thee, on pain of death,As I have done the rest of my misleaders,#LBSFORGOLDGod save your grace, King Hal! My royal Hal!The heavens guard and protect you, you royal child of fame!God save you, my sweet boy!My Lord Chief Justice, go speak to that arrogant man.
(to FALSTAFF) Have you lost your mind? Do you know what you’re doing, talking like that?My King! My God! I’m talking to you, my heart!I know you not, old man. Get down on your knees and pray, for white hair doesn’t sit well on a fool and a clown. I have dreamed about such a man for a long time: a man so swollen with excess, so old and so obscene. But now that I have awakened, I despise that dream. Let your body lessen, and your manners increase; leave behind your overindulgence, and know that the grave gapes three times as wide for you than any other man. Don’t answer me with a foolish joke. Do not assume that I am what I was; for God knows, I have turned my back on my former self, and I will do the same to those who were my companions. When you hear that I am as I was, then come to me, and you will once again be what you were: the teacher and nurse to my wild, riotous ways.Until then, I banish you, on pain of death, as I have done to the other men who once misled me. Do not