Not to come near our person by ten mile.For competence of life I will allow you,That lack of means enforce you not to evils.And, as we hear you do reform yourselves,We will, according to your strengths and qualities,Give you advancement. (to CHIEF JUSTICE) Be it your charge,   my lord,To see performed the tenor of my word.—Set on.Master Shallow, I owe you a thousand pound.Yea, marry, Sir John, which I beseech you to let me havehome with me.That can hardly be, Master Shallow. Do not you grieve atthis. I shall be sent for in private to him. Look you, he mustseem thus to the world. Fear not your advancements. I willbe the man yet that shall make you great.I cannot well perceive how, unless you should give me yourdoublet and stuff me out with straw. I beseech you, good SirJohn, let me have five hundred of my thousand.Sir, I will be as good as my word. This that you heard wasbut a color.A color that I fear you will die in, Sir John.Fear no colors. Go with me to dinner.—Come, LieutenantPistol.—Come, Bardolph.—I shall be sent for soon at night.#LBSFORGOLDcome within ten miles of me. I’ll grant you a modest allowance to live on, so that poverty will not lead you into evil. When I hear that you have reformed your ways, I will promote you as you deserve. (to CHIEF JUSTICE) It’s your job to see this order carried out. Let’s go.Master Shallow, I owe you a thousand pounds.Yes, indeed, Sir John. And I’d like to take it home with me.That can’t happen, Master Shallow. Don’t let this upset you; I’ll get a private invitation to see him. Look, he has to appear this way to the world. Don’t worry about your good fortunes: I’m still the man who will make you great.I don’t know how you’re going to do that, unless you give me your jacket and fill me out with stuffing. Please, Sir John, let me have five hundred of my thousand.Sir, I’m as good as my word. What you heard here a minute ago was just a color; it was a pretense.A color that I fear you’ll be buried in, Sir John.Stop worrying about colors: come to lunch with me. Come, Lieutenant Pistol. Come, Bardolph. He’ll call for me tonight.