I have a mind to strike thee ere thou speak’st.Yet if thou say Antony lives, is well,Or friends with Caesar, or not captive to him,I’ll set thee in a shower of gold and hailRich pearls upon thee.                                            Madam, he’s
                                well.                                                                                 Well
                                said.And friends with Caesar.                                                 Th’ art an honest
                                man.Caesar and he are greater friends than ever.Make thee a fortune from me.                                                          But yet,
                                madam—I do not like “But yet.” It does allayThe good precedence. Fie upon “But yet.”“But yet” is as a jailer to bring forthSome monstrous malefactor. Prithee, friend,Pour out the pack of matter to mine ear,The good and bad together. He’s friends with Caesar,In state of health, thou say’st, and, thou say’st, free.Free, madam, no. I made no such report.He’s bound unto Octavia.                                                 For what good
                                turn?For the best turn i’ th’ bed.#LBSFORGOLDI have half a mind to hit you before you speak again. But if
                                Antony is alive, healthy, friendly with Caesar, and not Caesar’s
                                prisoner, I’ll shower you with gold and pearls. Madam, he’s well.That’s well spoken.And he’s friendly with Caesar.You are an honest man.Caesar and he are better friends than ever.I’m going to make you a rich man.But yet, madam—I don’t like the sound of “but yet.” It reverses all the good that
                                came before it. Damn those words, “but yet!” “But yet” is like a
                                jailer about to bring out some horrible criminal. Please, my friend,
                                give me all the news, both good and bad, at the same time. You say
                                he’s friendly with Caesar, healthy, and free. I didn’t say free, madam. No, I didn’t say that. He’s bound to
                                Octavia.For what favor?For the favor of sleeping in her bed.