The gods confound thee! Dost thou hold there still?
                            Should I lie, madam?                                         Oh, I would thou
                                didst,So half my Egypt were submerged and madeA cistern for scaled snakes! Go, get thee hence.Hadst thou Narcissus in thy face, to meThou wouldst appear most ugly. He is married?
                            I crave your highness’ pardon.                                                           He is
                                married?Take no offense that I would not offend you.To punish me for what you make me doSeems much unequal. He’s married to Octavia.Oh, that his fault should make a knave of
                                thee,That art not what th’ art sure of! Get thee hence.The merchandise which thou hast brought from RomeAre all too dear for me. Lie they upon thy handAnd be undone by ’em!                                               Good your highness,
                                patience.In praising Antony, I have dispraised Caesar.Many times, madam.I am paid for ’t now. Lead me from hence.I faint. O Iras, Charmian! ’Tis no matter.—Go to the fellow, good Alexas. Bid himReport the feature of Octavia: her years,Her inclination. Let him not leave outThe color of her hair. Bring me word quickly.#LBSFORGOLDMay the gods destroy you! Do you maintain the same story?Do you want me to lie, madam?Oh, I wish you had lied, even if it meant half my kingdom would be
                                submerged and filled with snakes. Go, get out! Even if you were as
                                handsome as Narcissusmythical boy who was so beautiful that he drowned himself while trying to embrace his own reflectionNarcissus, your face would be ugly to me. Is he really
                                married? I beg your highness’ pardon.Is he really married?Please don’t be offended that I don’t want to offend you any more.
                                It’s not fair to punish me for something you make me do. He’s
                                married to Octavia.It’s too bad that Antony’s fault should make you look like a jerk.
                                You didn’t have anything to do with it. Go away. The merchandise you
                                bring from Rome is too expensive for me. Let it stay in your
                                inventory until it bankrupts you.Be patient, your highness.When I have praised Antony, I’ve disparaged Caesar.Many times, madam.I’m being repaid for that now. Help me out of here. I feel faint.
                                Oh, Iras, Charmian! It doesn’t matter. Good Alexas, go ask that
                                fellow to describe Octavia. How old is she? What kind of disposition
                                does she have? Don’t let him leave out the color of her hair. Bring
                                me his answers quickly.