                                                         Well met
                                here. I hope so, Lepidus. Thus we are agreed.I crave our composition may be writtenAnd sealed between us.                                              That’s the next to
                                do.We’ll feast each other ere we part, and let’sDraw lots who shall begin.                                                      That will I,
                                Pompey.No, Antony, take the lot. But, first or last,Your fine Egyptian cookery shall haveThe fame. I have heard that Julius CaesarGrew fat with feasting there.You have heard much.I have fair meanings, sir.And fair words to them.Then so much have I heard.And I have heard Apollodorus carried—
(interrupting
                                    
POMPEY
) No more of that. He did so.                                                                             What,
                                I pray you?A certain queen to Caesar in a mattress. I know thee now. How far’st thou, soldier?                                                                                  Well,And well am like to do, for I perceive,Four feasts are toward.#LBSFORGOLDIt’s good we had this meeting.I hope it works out for the best, Lepidus. So we are in agreement.
                                Please have the contract written up so we can all sign it.That’s the next thing on the agenda.We’ll have celebration feasts for each other before we go our
                                separate ways. Let’s draw lots to see who will host the first
                                one.I’ll give the first one, Pompey.No, Antony. Pick one of these lots. Whether your banquet is first
                                or last, your Egyptian cooking will make it the best. I heard that
                                Julius Caesar got fat from all the feasting there.You’ve heard a lot.I mean well, sir.I’m sure you do.I’ve heard a lot more. I heard that Apollodorus carried—
(interrupting
                                    
POMPEY
) That’s enough of that. Yes, it’s
                                true.What did he carry, please?A certain queen to Caesar, rolled up in a mattressAccording to Plutarch, this is how Cleopatra managed to secretly tryst with Julius Caesar.rolled up in a mattress. Now I know who you are. How are you, soldier?I’m well, and probably will be for a while, as I hear that four
                                feasts are being prepared. 