I had rather heat my liver with drinking. 
Nay, hear him.
 Good now, some excellent fortune! Let
                                me be married to 
three kings in a forenoon and widow them all. Let me
                                have 
a child at fifty, to whom Herod of Jewry may do
                                homage. 
Find me to marry me with Octavius Caesar, and
                                companion me 
with my mistress. 
You shall outlive the lady whom you serve.Oh, excellent! I love long life better than figs. You have seen and proved a fairer former fortune Than that which is to approach. Then belike my children shall have no names.
                                Prithee, how 
many boys and wenches must I
                                have?
If every of your wishes had a womb,And fertile every wish, a million.Out, fool! I forgive thee for a witch. You think none but your sheets are privy to your wishes. 
(to
                                    
SOOTHSAYER
) Nay, come, tell Iras hers.We’ll know all our fortunes. Mine, and most of our fortunes tonight, shall
                                be—drunk to 
bed.

(giving her hand to the
                                    
SOOTHSAYER
)  There’s a palm 
presages chastity, if nothing
                                else.
#LBSFORGOLD
I would rather get passion from drinkPassion was thought to originate in the liver, which could be stimulated by drink.I would rather get passion from drink than from love. Just listen to him.Be kind now and tell me some excellent fortune. Tell me that I’ll
                                marry three kings before noon and be widowed by all of them. Tell me
                                I’ll have a child when I’m fifty who will be honored even by Herod of JudeaHerod was the Roman governor of Israel at the time of Christ’s birth. In an attempt to kill Jesus, prophesied to become king of the Jews, Herod ordered the slaughter of all the infants in Bethlehem.Herod
                                of Judea. Let me marry Octavius Caesar and become my Queen’s equal.
                            You will outlive the Queen.Oh, excellent! I love long life better than figsFigs were thought to resemble female genitalia.figs. You have already had better fortune than the future will
                                bring.Then my children will probably be illegitimate. Tell me, please:
                                how many boys and girls will I have?If every time you wished for a child you could have had one, you
                                would have a million children.Get out of here, you fool! Since you’re a fortuneteller I won’t
                                bring charges of witchcraft against you.You seem to think no one outside of your bedroom knows what you
                                wish.
(to
                                    
FORTUNETELLER
) Never mind. Tell Iras’s
                                fortune.We’ll all want our fortune told.My fortune—like that of many of us tonight—is to go drunk to
                                bed.
(giving her hand to the
                                    
FORTUNETELLER
) There’s a palm that will predict a
                                chaste life, if nothing else.