 Yes, something you can deny for your own safety:
                                you 
have been a great thief by sea.
And you by land.There I deny my land service. But give me your hand,
                                Menas.
 If our eyes had authority, here they might take two
 thieves kissing.
All men’s faces are true, whatsome’er their hands are.But there is never a fair woman has a true
                                face.No slander. They steal hearts.We came hither to fight with you. For my part, I am sorry it is turned to a drinking.
                                Pompey 
doth this day laugh away his fortune.
If he do, sure he cannot weep ’t back again. You’ve said, sir. We looked not for Mark Antony
                                here. Pray 
you, is he married to Cleopatra?
Caesar’s sister is called Octavia.True, sir. She was the wife of Caius Marcellus. But she is now the wife of Marcus Antonius.Pray ye, sir?’Tis true.Then is Caesar and he forever knit together. If I were bound to divine of this unity, I would
                                not
 prophesy so.
#LBSFORGOLDYes, for your own safety, you should deny one thing: you have been
                                a great thief at sea.As you were on land.That’s the one part of my service on land I do deny. But let’s
                                shake hands, Menas.If our eyes were policemen, they might capture two thieves at once
                                while we’re embracing.Men’s faces are truthful, whatever their hands do.But no beautiful woman has an honest face.That’s no lie. They steal hearts.We came here to fight against you.For my part, I’m sorry this battle turned into a drinking match.
                                Today Pompey laughs away his fortune.If that’s true, he won’t get it back by crying.That’s the truth, sir. We didn’t expect Mark Antony to be here. Is
                                he married to Cleopatra?Caesar’s sister is named Octavia.That’s true, sir. She was previously Caius Marcellus’ wife.But she is now Mark Antony’s wife.Excuse me, sir?It’s true.Then Caesar and he will always be united.If I were to make a prediction regarding this union, I wouldn’t
                                say that.