 Here they’ll be, man. Some o’ their plants are
                                ill-rooted 
already. The least wind i’ th’ world will blow them
                                down. 
Lepidus is high-colored.
They have made him drink alms-drink. 
 
As they pinch one another by the disposition, he
                                cries 
out, “No more,” reconciles them to his entreaty and 
himself to th’ drink.
 But it raises the greater war between him and his 
discretion.
 Why, this it is to have a name in great men’s
                                fellowship. 
I had as lief have a reed that will do me no service
                                as a 
partisan I could not heave.
 To be called into a huge sphere, and not to be seen
                                to 
move in ’t, are the holes where eyes
                                should be, which 
pitifully disaster the cheeks.
Thus do they, sir: they take the flow o’ th’ NileBy certain scales i’ th’ Pyramid. They knowBy th’ height, the lowness, or the mean, if dearthOr foison follow. The higher Nilus swellsThe more it promises. As it ebbs, the seedsmanUpon the slime and ooze scatters his grain,And shortly comes to harvest.#LBSFORGOLDHere’s where they’ll end up, on the floor. Some of them are
                                leaning already. It won’t take much for them to fall over.Lepidus is red in the face.They made him drink the leftover wine usually given to the
                                poor.Their various personalities grate on one another. Lepidus cries,
                                “No more arguing!” and then when they agree he resigns himself to
                                drink.Which goes on to impede his judgment.That’s what happens when you partner with great men but lack their
                                power. I’d rather carry a reed that obviously can’t protect me than
                                a sword I cannot lift.To be so unimportant in the company of important men is like
                                having a face without any eyes. This is how they do it, sir: they measure the depth of the Nile,
                                according to certain marks made on the walls of the Pyramid. They
                                know by those measurements if there will be famine or plenty. The
                                higher the Nile flows, the better the harvest. As the river ebbs,
                                the farmer scatters his seeds on the remaining silt. The harvest
                                comes shortly after that.