                                                      Hast thou
                                drunk well?No, Pompey, I have kept me from the cup.Thou art, if thou dar’st be, the earthly Jove.Whate’er the ocean pales or sky inclipsIs thine, if thou wilt ha ’t.                                                  Show me which
                                way. These three world-sharers, these competitors,Are in thy vessel. Let me cut the cable,And, when we are put off, fall to their throats.All there is thine.                                   Ah, this thou shouldst have
                                doneAnd not have spoke on ’t! In me ’tis villainy,In thee ’t had been good service. Thou must know,’Tis not my profit that does lead mine honor;Mine honor, it. Repent that e’er thy tongueHath so betrayed thine act. Being done unknown,I should have found it afterwards well done,But must condemn it now. Desist, and drink.
(aside) For this,I’ll never follow thy palled fortunes more.Who seeks and will not take when once ’tis offeredShall never find it more.#LBSFORGOLDAre you drunk?No, Pompey, I haven’t had anything to drink. You can be the most
                                powerful man on earth if you dare use your power. Both land and sea
                                are yours if you will take them.Tell me how.The three who share the known world are aboard your boat. Let me
                                cut the anchor cable. When we are away from land, cut their throats.
                                Everything that belongs to them is yours.Oh, you should have done it without telling me! For me to do such
                                a thing would be dishonorable. For you to do it would be good
                                service. You should know that to me, profit isn’t more important
                                than honor, but the other way around. Regret that your mouth
                                betrayed your actions. If you had acted without my knowledge, I
                                would have approved your action later. But now I must condemn it.
                                Give it up and go drink.
(to himself) For
                                this, I’ll never be faithful to your declining fortunes again. A
                                person who wants something but won’t take it when it materializes
                                won’t get the opportunity again.