                                               This health to
                                Lepidus!
(to a servant)
                                Bear him ashore.—I’ll pledge it for him, Pompey.Here’s to thee, Menas!                                               Enobarbus,
                                welcome.Fill till the cup be hid.There’s a strong fellow, Menas.                                                              Why?                                                                           He
                                bearsThe third part of the world, man. Seest not?The third part, then, is drunk. Would it were all,That it might go on wheels!Drink thou. Increase the reels.Come.This is not yet an Alexandrian feast.It ripens towards it. Strike the vessels, ho!Here’s to Caesar.                                  I could well forbear ’t.It’s monstrous labor when I wash my brainAnd it grows fouler.                                        Be a child o’ th’
                                time.Possess it, I’ll make answer.But I had rather fast from all four daysThan drink so much in one.#LBSFORGOLDThis toast is for Lepidus!
(to a servant)
                                Help Lepidus ashore . . . I’ll accept it for him, Pompey.Here’s to you, Menas.I accept with thanks, Enobarbus.Fill the cups until they run over.There goes a strong fellow, Menas.Why do you say that?He carries a third of the world. Can’t you see that? Then a third of the world is drunk. I wish it were all drunk. Then
                                everything would go more smoothly.Drink up. Liven up the party.All right, then.This hasn’t reached the level of an Egyptian feast yet.It’s getting there. Clink your cups together in a toast! Here’s to
                                Caesar.I could do without another toast. It’s unnatural. I keep washing
                                my brain with alcohol, and it keeps getting fouler and more
                                muddled.Live in the moment.I’d prefer to seize the day. But I would rather abstain from
                                everything for four days than drink so much in one.