
              (to
                                    
ANTONY
)            Ha! My brave
                                emperor,Shall we dance now the Egyptian bacchanalsAnd celebrate our drink?Let’s ha ’t, good soldier.Come, let’s all take handsTill that the conquering wine hath steeped our
                                senseIn soft and delicate Lethe.                                                   All take
                                hands.Make battery to our ears with the loud music,The while I’ll place you; then the boy shall sing.The holding every man shall beat as loudAs his strong sides can volley.
(Sings)    
Come, thou monarch of the vine,

               Plumpy Bacchus with pink
                                    eyne!

               In thy vats our cares be
                                    drowned,

               With thy grapes our hairs be
                                    crowned.

(Singing) Cup us till the world go
                                    round,

                Cup us till the world go
                                    round!
What would you more?—Pompey, good night. (to 
ANTONY
) Good brother,Let me request you off. Our graver businessFrowns at this levity.—Gentle lords, let’s
                                part.You see we have burnt our cheeks. Strong EnobarbIs weaker than the wine; and mine own tongueSplits what it speaks. The wild disguise hath almostAnticked us all. What needs more words? Good night.Good Antony, your hand.#LBSFORGOLD
(to
                                    
ANTONY
) Ha! Shall we dance Egyptian
                                bacchanalsbawdy dances honoring Bacchus, Roman god of winebacchanals, my noble emperor, and celebrate our wine? Let’s have one, good soldier.Come, let’s join our hands until the overpowering wine makes us
                                soft and forgetful. Everyone join hands. Attack our ears with loud music, and I’ll
                                position you for the dance. Then the boy will sing, and every man
                                will sing the chorus at the top of his voice.
(singing) Come,
                                you king of the vine, plump Bacchus, with your pink eyes. Our
                                troubles are drowned in your vats. We’ll crown ourselves with
                                wreathes of grapes.
(singing) Give us
                                cups until the world spins! Give us cups until the world
                                spins!How can you top that? Good night, Pompey. (to 
ANTONY
) Dear brother-in-law,
                                let’s leave together. This frivolity isn’t appropriate to the
                                serious purpose that brought us here. Noble lords, let’s say good
                                night. We’ve all gotten red in the face. Even the strong Enobarbus
                                isn’t immune to the effects of wine, and I’m tongue-tied myself.
                                This wild party has almost turned us all into clowns. What more need
                                I say? Good night. Good Antony, shake my hand.