E’en as the o’erflowing Nilus presageth famine. Go, you wild bedfellow, you cannot soothsay.  Nay, if an oily palm be not a fruitful
                                prognostication, I 
cannot scratch mine ear.—Prithee, tell her but a
                                workaday 
fortune.
Your fortunes are alike.But how, but how? Give me particulars.
I have said.Am I not an inch of fortune better than she? 
 Well, if you were but an inch of
                                fortune better than I, 
where would you choose it?
Not in my husband’s nose.
 Our worser thoughts heavens mend. Alexas! (to
SOOTHSAYER
) Come, 
his fortune, his fortune! Oh, let him marry a woman
                                that 
cannot go, sweet Isis, I beseech thee,
                                and let her die too, 
and give him a worse, and let worse follow worse,
                                till the 
worst of all follow him laughing to his grave,
                                fifty-fold 
a cuckold! Good Isis, hear me this prayer, though
                                thou deny 
me a matter of more weight, good Isis, I beseech
                                thee! 
 Amen, dear goddess, hear that prayer
                                of the people! For, 
as it is a heartbreaking to see a handsome man
                                loose-wived, 
so it is a deadly sorrow to behold a foul knave 
uncuckolded. Therefore, dear Isis, keep decorum, and 
fortune him accordingly.
#LBSFORGOLDLike the overflowing NileThe Nile River overflowed its banks every year, irrigating the surrounding farmland and guaranteeing a good harvest.overflowing Nile predicts famine. Oh stop it, you lusty bed-hopper. You can’t see the future.Well, if a moist palm isn’t a clear sign of promiscuity, then I
                                can’t scratch my own ear. (to 
FORTUNETELLER
) Please, tell her an
                                ordinary fortune.Your fortunes are the same.But how? How is that possible? Give me details.I’ve said what I have to say.Isn’t my fortune just a little better than hers? By an inch,
                                even?Well, if you could have just an inch of better fortune than me,
                                where would you like the improvement?Not in my husband’s nose.May heaven save us from indecent thoughts! Alexas! (to the
                                    
FORTUNETELLER
) Come and tell his fortune. Let him
                                marry a woman he can’t satisfy, dear IsisIsis was Egypt’s primary female deity, generally associated with the earth, the moon, and fertility.Isis, I pray! And then let her
                                die, and give him someone worse. Then let her die, and let her replacement be even worse. And so
                                on until the last one, who is unfaithful with at least fifty other
                                men and laughs at him until he dies. I beg you to grant my prayer,
                                good Isis, even though it means you deny me something more important
                                for myself. Good Isis, I beg you!Amen, dear goddess. Listen to our prayer. If it’s sad to see a
                                handsome man with a cheating wife, it’s a tragedy to see an ugly
                                thug with a wife who’s faithful. Therefore, dear Isis, do the right
                                thing and give him the fortune he deserves.