What, are the brothers parted?They have dispatched with Pompey; he is gone.The other three are sealing. Octavia weepsTo part from Rome. Caesar is sad, and Lepidus,Since Pompey’s feast, as Menas says, is
                                troubledWith the greensickness.                                                ’Tis a noble
                                Lepidus. A very fine one. Oh, how he loves Caesar!Nay, but how dearly he adores Mark Antony!Caesar? Why, he’s the Jupiter of men. What’s Antony? The god of Jupiter.Spake you of Caesar? How, the nonpareil!O Antony, O thou Arabian bird! Would you praise Caesar, say “Caesar.” Go no further.Indeed, he plied them both with excellent praises. But he loves Caesar best; yet he loves Antony.Hoo! Hearts, tongues, figures, scribes, bards, poets,
                                cannotThink, speak, cast, write, sing, number—hoo!—His love to Antony. But as for Caesar,Kneel down, kneel down, and wonder.                                                                           Both
                                he loves.They are his shards, and he their beetleShard-beetles make their home in dung heaps.their beetle.#LBSFORGOLDDid the brothers-in-law leave?They finished their business with Pompey, and Pompey has left. Now
                                the three triumvirs are putting their official seals on the treaty.
                                Octavia weeps at the thought of leaving Rome. Caesar is in a sober
                                mood. And Menas reports that Lepidus has been hungover since
                                Pompey’s party.
That Lepidus is an elegant man.A pun: lepidus means “elegant” in Latin.That Lepidus is an elegant man. He’s a stylish man. And how he loves Caesar!Yes, but how he adores Mark Antony!Caesar? He’s a god of a man.Enobarbus and Agrippa mock Lepidus’ excessive flattery.He’s a god of a man. Then what’s Antony? A god of a god?Are you talking about Caesar? He’s without equal!Oh, Antony! Oh, you phoenixmythical bird, symbol of immortalityphoenix! If you want to praise Caesar, just say his name—that’s all the
                                praise that’s necessary.He certainly flattered them both with extravagant
                                compliments.He loves Caesar best, but he also loves Antony. Oh! No one can
                                describe or fathom Lepidus’ love for Antony! Hearts cannot think it,
                                tongues cannot speak it, meas-urements cannot calculate it, scribes
                                cannot write it, bards cannot sing it, and poets cannot make verses
                                about it. But when it comes to Caesar, Lepidus’ love approaches the
                                awestruck wonder of a worshipper.He loves them both.They are his dung, and he their beetle.