Like her? O Isis, ’tis impossible.I think so, Charmian. Dull of tongue, and dwarfish.—What majesty is in her gait? Remember,If e’er thou looked’st on majesty.                                                              She
                                creeps.Her motion and her station are as one.She shows a body rather than a life,A statue than a breather.                                                Is this
                                certain?Or I have no observance.                                                 Three in
                                EgyptCannot make better note.                                                  He’s very
                                knowing,I do perceive ’t. There’s nothing in her yet.The fellow has good judgment.                                                             Excellent.
(to
                                    
MESSENGER
) Guess at her years, I
                                prithee.Madam, she was a widow—Widow? Charmian, hark.And I do think she’s thirty.Bear’st thou her face in mind? Is ’t long or
                                round?Round, even to faultiness.For the most part, too, they are foolish that are so.Her hair, what color?#LBSFORGOLDLike her? Oh, Isis, that’s impossible.You’re right, Charmian. She’s both dull-spoken and dwarfishly
                                little.—Did she carry herself with majesty? Compare her to any
                                memory you might have of royalty.She creeps along. Moving or standing still, her bearing is about
                                the same. She has a body, not a life. She’s more like a statue than
                                a living, breathing human being.Is this true?If not, then I have no powers of observation.There aren’t three people in all of Egypt who could do
                                better.He’s very observant. I can tell. She doesn’t have anything going
                                for her so far. This messenger is wise. Very wise.
(to
                                    
MESSENGER
) How old do you think she is?She was a widow previously, madam.A widow? Do you hear that, Charmian?And I think she’s at least thirty.Do you remember her face? Was it long or round?Round enough to be unattractive.Usually that means a person is foolish. What color is her
                                hair?