Nay, nay, Octavia, not only that—That were excusable, that and thousands moreOf semblable import—but he hath wagedNew wars ’gainst Pompey; made his will, and read itTo public ear;Spoke scantly of me; when perforce he could notBut pay me terms of honor, cold and sicklyHe vented them, most narrow measure lent me.When the best hint was given him, he not took ’t,Or did it from his teeth.                                                O my good
                                lord,Believe not all, or, if you must believe,Stomach not all. A more unhappy lady,If this division chance, ne’er stood between,Praying for both parts.The good gods will mock me presently,When I shall pray “O bless my lord and husband!”Undo that prayer by crying out as loud“O bless my brother!” Husband win, win brotherPrays and destroys the prayer; no midway’Twixt these extremes at all.                                                       Gentle
                                Octavia,Let your best love draw to that point which seeksBest to preserve it. If I lose mine honor,I lose myself; better I were not yoursThan yours so branchless. But, as you requested,Yourself shall go between ’s. The meantime,
                                lady,I’ll raise the preparation of a warShall stain your brother. Make your soonest haste;So your desires are yours.#LBSFORGOLDNo, no, Octavia, it’s not only that. That would be excusable—that
                                and a thousand other offenses like it. But Caesar has gone and waged
                                a new war against Pompey. He made his will and read it in a public assembly.Roman politicians could gain popularity among the common people by writing a will that included bequests in their favor, such as sums of money, parkland, or orchards dedicated to their use.He made his will and read it in a public
                                assembly. He hardly refers to me at all, though official decisions
                                are supposed to be made jointly. When he can’t avoid mentioning my
                                services to the state, he minimizes them as much as possible. When
                                situations arise when it would be natural to emphasize my due
                                credit, he either ignores them or only pays me lip service. Oh, dear husband, don’t believe everything you hear—or if you must
                                believe it, don’t let it all make you angry. No lady could be more
                                miserable than I if you two disagree. I’ll be left in the middle,
                                praying for both sides. The good gods will laugh at me when on the
                                one hand I pray for my husband and on the other for my brother. “Let
                                my husband win!” “Let my brother win!” One prayer cancels out the
                                other. There’s no middle ground between these two extremes. Gentle Octavia, support the one that supports you. If I’m
                                defeated, I lose my reputation. If I lose my reputation, I lose
                                myself. It would be better for you to have no husband than a husband
                                who lacks honor. However, as you requested, you may go and try to
                                negotiate with your brother. In the meantime, I’ll raise an army
                                that will surpass his. Go as soon as possible, so your prayers may
                                be answered the sooner.