How now, friend Eros!There’s strange news come, sir.What, man?Caesar and Lepidus have made wars upon Pompey.This is old. What is the success? Caesar, having made use of him in the wars ’gainst
                                Pompey, 
presently denied him rivality, would not let him
                                partake 
in the glory of the action, and, not resting here,
                                accuses 
him of letters he had formerly wrote to Pompey; upon
                                his 
own appeal seizes him. So the poor
                                third is up, till death 
enlarge his confine. 
Then, world, thou hast a pair of chaps, no more,And throw between them all the food thou hast,They’ll grind the one the other. Where’s Antony? He’s walking in the garden—(imitating anger) thus, and
                                spurnsThe rush that lies before him; cries, “Fool Lepidus!”And threats the throat of that his officerThat murdered Pompey.                                                 Our great navy’s
                                rigged.For Italy and Caesar. More, Domitius:My lord desires you presently. My newsI might have told hereafter.#LBSFORGOLDHow goes it, friend Eros?Some startling news has just arrived, sir.What news, man?Caesar and Lepidus declared war against Pompey.That’s old news. Who’s winning?Caesar used Lepidus in the war, but as soon as it was over,
                                Lepidus was expelled from the triumvirate. He wasn’t allowed any of
                                the glory of the victory, and he was accused of treasonous
                                correspondence with Pompey. On the basis of Caesar’s accusation
                                alone, Lepidus was imprisoned. So the weak third of the triumvirate
                                is imprisoned until death frees him.So now the world will only be devoured by two sets of
                                jaws—Caesar’s and Antony’s. And even if you throw everything you
                                possess to the two of them, they’ll battle each other to the death
                                to have it all. Where’s Antony?He’s walking in the garden, like this (imitating anger). And he kicks the
                                leaves on the path, exclaiming, “Lepidus, you fool!” Then he threatens to kill the officer who murdered Pompey.Pompey was killed by one of Antony’s officers, Titius, during his campaign for Antony’s territories. Some historians believe that Titius acted on Antony’s specific order.Then he
                                threatens to kill the officer who murdered Pompey. Antony’s grand navy is prepared.To sail to Italy and Caesar. Another thing, Domitius: Antony wants
                                to see you now. I should have waited to tell you my news.