                                                By sea, by
                                sea.Most worthy sir, you therein throw awayThe absolute soldiership you have by land,Distract your army, which doth most consistOf war-marked footmen, leave unexecutedYour own renownèd knowledge, quite foregoThe way which promises assurance, andGive up yourself merely to chance and hazardFrom firm security.                                       I’ll fight at sea.I have sixty sails, Caesar none better. Our overplus of shipping will we burn,And with the rest full-manned, from th’ head of ActiumBeat th’ approaching Caesar. But if we fail,We then can do ’t at land.                                                   Thy
                                business?The news is true, my lord. He is descried.Caesar has taken Toryne. Can he be there in person? ’Tis impossible,Strange that his power should be. Canidius,Our nineteen legions thou shalt hold by land,And our twelve thousand horse. We’ll to our ship.Away, my Thetis!#LBSFORGOLDI will fight by sea. By sea.Most worthy sir, if you do that you throw away all the advantages
                                you have on land. You will have to divide your army, which mostly
                                consists of battle-hardened foot soldiers. You will be unable to use
                                your legendary battle knowledge. You’ll be abandoning proven methods
                                that promise victory, and instead you’ll put yourself at the mercy
                                of haphazard chance. I’ll fight at sea.I have sixty ships. Caesar doesn’t have any that are
                                better.We’ll burn our surplus ships and fully man the rest. We’ll sail
                                from Actium and beat Caesar as he approaches. Even if we fail at
                                that, we can still fight him on land.What’s your business?The news is true, my lord. Caesar has been seen. He has captured
                                Toryne.Can Caesar be there in person? No, that’s impossible. It’s strange
                                enough that his army should be there. Canidius, take our nineteen
                                legionsmilitary division consisting of 4,500 armored infantrymenlegions and twelve thousand horse soldiers. You must hold them on
                                land. We’ll go to our ship. Come away, Cleopatra.