Naught, naught, all naught! I can behold no longer.Th’ Antoniad, the
                                Egyptian admiral,With all their sixty, fly and turn the rudder.To see ’t mine eyes are blasted.                                                              Gods
                                and goddesses,All the whole synod of them!                                                         What’s
                                thy passion?The greater cantle of the world is lostWith very ignorance. We have kissed awayKingdoms and provinces.                                                   How appears the
                                fight?On our side like the tokened pestilence,Where death is sure. Yon ribaudred nag of
                                Egypt—Whom leprosy o’ertake!—i’ th’ midst o’ th’ fight,When vantage like a pair of twins appearedBoth as the same, or rather ours the elder,The breeze upon her, like a cow in June,Hoists sails and flies.That I beheld.Mine eyes did sicken at the sight and could notEndure a further view.#LBSFORGOLDWe’re ruined, ruined, ruined! I can’t watch any more. The Egyptian
                                flagship, the Antoniad, followed by
                                all sixty Egyptian ships, has turned and fled. It destroyed my eyes
                                to look upon it.Gods and goddesses—the whole congregation of them!What’s wrong with you?We have lost a major portion of the world through utter
                                foolishness. We have kissed away entire kingdoms and
                                provinces.How goes the battle?Our side shows all the signs of certain defeat, which appear like
                                the symptomatic sores of the plague. Right in the middle of the
                                fight, just when the battle could have gone either way—actually we
                                had a slight advantage—that immoral Egyptian nag—May she die of
                                leprosy!—suddenly became frightened, and turned her ships around and
                                fled.I saw that. The sight made me so sick I couldn’t watch any more.
                            