At your noble pleasure.From Sicyon, how, the news? Speak there.The man from Sicyon—                                                Is there such an
                                one?He stays upon your will.                                               Let him
                                appear.These strong Egyptian fetters I must break,Or lose myself in dotage.                                                  What are
                                you?Fulvia thy wife is dead.                                              Where died
                                she?In Sicyon.Her length of sickness, with what else more
                                seriousImporteth thee to know, this bears.                                                                     Forbear
                                me.
(to himself)
                                There’s a great spirit gone! Thus did I desire it.What our contempts doth often hurl from usWe wish it ours again. The present pleasure,By revolution lowering, does becomeThe opposite of itself. She’s good, being gone.The hand could pluck her back that shoved her on.I must from this enchanting Queen break off.Ten thousand harms, more than the ills I knowMy idleness doth hatch.—How now, Enobarbus!#LBSFORGOLDI’ll be at your service.What’s the news from SicyonSicyon is the town in Greece where Antony left Fulvia.Sicyon. Tell me.The man from Sicyon—Is he here?He’s waiting outside.Have him come in.
(to himself) I
                                must break Cleopatra’s powerful hold over me or else I’ll lose
                                myself in foolish infatuation.What’s your message?Your wife, Fulvia, is dead.Where did she die?In Sicyon. In this letter you’ll find details of her illness and
                                other, more serious matters that concern you.Leave me.
(to himself) A
                                great spirit has gone from the world! This is what I wanted. Once
                                it’s gone, the very thing we reject becomes what we desire. What’s
                                enjoyable one day becomes the opposite as time rolls around. Now
                                that she’s gone, I want her. Now I would call her back, though I
                                pushed her away. I have to break from this beguiling Queen. The time
                                I’ve wasted here has caused ten thousand more problems than the ones
                                I know about.
                                    (calling) Are you there, Enobarbus?