                                        ’Tis your noblest
                                course.Wisdom and fortune combating together,If that the former dare but what it can,No chance may shake it. Give me grace to layMy duty on your hand.Your Caesar’s father oft,When he hath mused of taking kingdoms in,Bestowed his lips on that unworthy placeAs it rained kisses.                                      Favors? By Jove that
                                thunders!What art thou, fellow?                                             One that but
                                performsThe bidding of the fullest man, and worthiestTo have command obeyed.                                                      You will be
                                whipped.
(calling for servants)
                                Approach, there! (to 
THIDIAS
) Ah, you kite!—Now, gods and
                                devils!Authority melts from me. Of late, when I cried “Ho!”Like boys unto a muss kings would start forthAnd cry, “Your will?”
                                    (calling to servants) Have you no ears? I amAntony yet.#LBSFORGOLDThat’s your most dignified course of action. When confronted with
                                the choice between a prudent action and a risky one, a wise man
                                should dare to do only what he can practically accomplish—if he
                                follows this course, he will never be subjected to unpredictable
                                chance. Allow me to pay my respects by kissing your hand.When Octavius Caesar’s father thought about conquering kingdoms,
                                he rained kisses on my unworthy hand.Promising favors? By Jove that thunders! Who are you,
                                slave?A person who merely follows the orders of the best man, the man
                                most worthy of service. You will be whipped.
(calling for
                                    servants) Come here! (to 
THIDIAS
) Ah, you bird of
                                prey! Now by all the gods and devils, my authority weakens. Not long
                                ago, when I cried, “Ho!” kings would jump up and cry, “What’s your
                                pleasure?” (calling to
                                    servants) Are you deaf? I’m still Antony.