What’s your pleasure, sir?I must with haste from hence. Why, then, we kill all our women. We see how mortal
                                an 
unkindness is to them. If they suffer our departure,
                                death’s 
the word.
I must be gone. Under a compelling occasion, let women die. It were
                                pity 
to cast them away for nothing, though between them
                                and a 
great cause they should be esteemed nothing.
                                Cleopatra, 
catching but the least noise of this,
                                dies instantly. I 
have seen her die twenty times upon far poorer
                                moment. 
I do think there is mettle in death, which commits
                                some 
loving act upon her, she hath such a celerity in
                                dying. 
She is cunning past man’s thought. Alack, sir, no, her passions are made
                                of nothing but the 
finest part of pure love. We cannot call her winds
                                and 
waters sighs and tears. They are greater storms and 
tempests than almanacs can report. This cannot be
                                cunning 
in her. If it be, she makes a shower of rain as well 
as Jove.
Would I had never seen her! O sir, you had then left unseen a wonderful piece
                                of 
work which not to have been blessed withal would
                                have 
discredited your travel.
#LBSFORGOLDWhat would you like, sir?I have to leave right away.That will kill our lovers. We know how much they suffer if we are
                                unkind to them. If we leave, it will feel like nothing less than
                                death to them.I must be gone.If it’s that important, then let the women die. It would be a pity
                                to throw them away for nothing, but if it’s a matter of choosing
                                between them and a great cause, then they’re worthless. If Cleopatra
                                hears even a breath of this, she’ll die immediately. I’ve seen her
                                claim to be dying twenty times before, and for far less reason. I
                                think there must be something invigorating about death, since she
                                dies with such enthusiasm.She’s more cunning than anyone can imagine.Alas, sir, no, her feelings come from pure love, not cleverness.
                                Her sighs and tears are like great winds and floods. She has more
                                storms and tempests in her than a weather almanac. Her temper is not
                                a trick or a skill—if it is, she can make it rain as well as
                                Joveking of the Roman gods; commands thunder, lightning, and rainJove.I wish I’d never seen her!Then you’d have missed an amazing piece of work, sir, and your
                                trip would have been poorer for the loss. 