           (to another
                                    
SERVITOR
) And thou art honest too.I wish I could be made so many men,And all of you clapped up together inAn Antony, that I might do you serviceSo good as you have done.                                                    The gods
                                forbid!Well, my good fellows, wait on me tonight.Scant not my cups, and make as much of meAs when mine empire was your fellow too,And suffered my command.
(aside to
                                    
ENOBARBUS
) What does he mean?
(aside to
                                    
CLEOPATRA
) To make his followers weep.
(to the
                                    
SERVITORS
) Tend me tonight.May be it is the period of your duty.Haply you shall not see me more, or if,A mangled shadow. Perchance tomorrowYou’ll serve another master. I look on youAs one that takes his leave. Mine honest friends,I turn you not away, but, like a masterMarried to your good service, stay till death.Tend me tonight two hours, I ask no more,And the gods yield you for ’t!                                                          What
                                mean you, sir,To give them this discomfort? Look, they weep,And I, an ass, am onion-eyed. For shame,Transform us not to women.#LBSFORGOLD
(to another
                                    
SERVANT
) And you’re honest too. I wish I
                                could split into as many men as there are servants here before me,
                                and that all of you could merge into a single Antony, so I could
                                give you the same good service you’ve given me.The gods forbid!Well, my good fellows, wait on me tonight. Keep my cups full and
                                treat me as you did when my empire was one of your fellow servants,
                                obeying my commands. 
(to
                                    
ENOBARBUS
) Why is he doing this?
(to
                                    
CLEOPATRA
) He wants to make his followers
                                weep.
(to the
                                    
SERVANTS
) Wait on me tonight. It’s possible
                                that this will be the end of your service. It’s possible you won’t
                                see me again, or if you do, it will only be my mangled body. Perhaps
                                tomorrow you’ll be serving another master. I look upon you as a
                                person saying good-bye. My honest friends, I won’t turn you away,
                                but like a master dependent on your good service, I will stay with
                                you until death separates us. Serve me tonight for two hours—I don’t
                                ask any more—and may the gods bless you for it.What are you doing, sir? You’re making them uncomfortable.
                                Look—they’re crying. And I’m just foolish enough to tear up myself.
                                It’s embarrassing. Don’t turn us into women. 