If we be not relieved within this hour,We must return to th’ court of guard. The nightIs shiny, and they say we shall embattleBy th’ second hour i’ th’ morn.This last day was a shrewd one to ’s.O bear me witness, night—What man is this?Stand close and list him.Be witness to me, O thou blessèd moon,When men revolted shall upon recordBear hateful memory, poor Enobarbus didBefore thy face repent.Enobarbus?Peace! Hark further.O sovereign mistress of true melancholy,The poisonous damp of night disponge upon me,That life, a very rebel to my will,May hang no longer on me. Throw my heartAgainst the flint and hardness of my fault,Which, being dried with grief, will break to
                                powderAnd finish all foul thoughts. O Antony,Nobler than my revolt is infamous,Forgive me in thine own particular,But let the world rank me in registerA master-leaver and a fugitive.O Antony! O Antony!#LBSFORGOLDIf we aren’t relieved in an hour, we have to return to our
                                barracks. The night is bright, and they say we’ll be forming for
                                battle by two a.m. That last day was a hard one for us.Oh, listen to me, night—Who is this?Stay hidden and listen.Be my witness, oh you blessed moon. The men who revolted against
                                Antony will be remembered scornfully in the history books. But poor
                                Enobarbus repented.That’s Enobarbus?Quiet! Keep listening.Oh, moon, you queen of sadness, drop poisonous dew on me so that
                                my life, which continues against my wishes, will end. Take my heart
                                and throw it against my hard, stony sin. My heart, which dried out
                                with grief, will surely break apart into a powder, and that will be
                                the end of my disgusting mind. Oh, Antony! You are more noble than
                                my revolt is dishonorable. Forgive my crimes against you, but let
                                history record me as a fugitive traitor. Oh, Antony! Oh,
                                Antony!