Where is he?                          I did not see him since.
(to
                                    
ALEXAS
) See where he is, who’s with him,
                                what he does.I did not send you. If you find him sad,Say I am dancing. If in mirth, reportThat I am sudden sick. Quick, and return.Madam, methinks, if you did love him dearly,You do not hold the method to enforceThe like from him.                                       What should I do I do
                                not?In each thing give him way. Cross him in nothing.Thou teachest like a fool the way to lose him.Tempt him not so too far. I wish, forbear.In time we hate that which we often fear.But here comes Antony.                                               I am sick and
                                sullen.I am sorry to give breathing to my purpose—Help me away, dear Charmian! I shall fall.It cannot be thus long. The sides of natureWill not sustain it.#LBSFORGOLDWhere is he?I haven’t seen him recently.
(to
                                    
ALEXAS
) Find out where he is, who’s with
                                him, and what he’s doing. Don’t tell him I sent you. If he’s sad,
                                tell him I’m dancing. If he’s happy, say that I’ve suddenly taken
                                sick. Hurry, and come back.Madam, I think if you love him so much, you aren’t using the best
                                way to get him to reciprocate. What should I do that I’m not doing?Always give him his way. Never contradict him.You advise me like a fool. That’s the way to lose him.Don’t push him too far. I wish you’d be patient. We come to hate
                                that which controls us.But here comes Antony.I am sick and sullen.I’m sorry to have to say this—Help me away from here, dear Charmian! I shall faint. I won’t be
                                able to go on this way much longer. Human nature isn’t built to
                                withstand this.