                                                          Oh, thy
                                vile lady!She has robbed me of my sword.                                                               No,
                                Antony,My mistress loved thee, and her fortunes mingledWith thine entirely.                                       Hence, saucy eunuch!
                                Peace!She hath betrayed me and shall die the death.Death of one person can be paid but once,And that she has discharged. What thou wouldst doIs done unto thy hand. The last she spakeWas “Antony, most noble Antony!”Then in the midst a tearing groan did breakThe name of Antony. It was dividedBetween her heart and lips. She rendered life,Thy name so buried in her.                                                      Dead,
                                then?                                                                              Dead.Unarm, Eros. The long day’s task is done,And we must sleep. (to
                                    
MARDIAN
) That thou depart’st hence
                                safeDoes pay thy labor richly. Go.                                                           Off,
                                pluck off!The sevenfold shield of Ajax cannot keepThe battery from my heart. O, cleave, my sides!Heart, once be stronger than thy continent.Crack thy frail case!—Apace, Eros, apace. No more a soldier. Bruisèd pieces, go.You have been nobly borne. (to 
EROS
) From me
                                awhile.#LBSFORGOLDOh, your contemptible lady! She has disarmed me. No, Antony. My mistress loved you, and her destiny was completely
                                joined with yours. Get out, insolent eunuch! Silence! She has betrayed me and shall
                                die.A person can only pay with their life once, and she has paid in
                                full. What you wanted is yours. Her last words were “Antony! Most
                                noble Antony!” Then, as she was speaking your name, a strangled
                                groan split her words. “Antony” was divided between her heart and
                                lips. She gave up her life with your name still within her. Is she dead, then?Dead.Remove your armor, Eros. The long day’s work is over, and it is
                                time to sleep. (to
MARDIAN
)
                                Permission to leave unharmed is abundant payment for your
                                news. Go!Off! Take off my armor. Not even Ajax’s famous shield, made of
                                seven layers of oxhide and covered in bronze, could protect my heart
                                from this attack. Oh, chest, obey me! Heart, for once be stronger
                                than all the rest of the body combined. Break out of my ribcage!
                                Faster, Eros, faster. I won’t be a soldier anymore. Battered armor,
                                be off. You were worn with honor. (to
EROS
) Leave me awhile.