Art thou there, Diomed? Draw thy sword and give meSufficing strokes for death.                                                    Most absolute
                                lord,My mistress Cleopatra sent me to thee.When did she send thee?                                                  Now, my
                                lord.                                                                                Where
                                is she?Locked in her monument. She had a prophesying fearOf what hath come to pass. For when she saw—Which never shall be found—you did suspectShe had disposed with Caesar, and that your rageWould not be purged, she sent you word she was dead.But fearing since how it might work, hath sentMe to proclaim the truth, and I am come,I dread, too late.Too late, good Diomed. Call my guard, I prithee.What ho, the Emperor’s guard! The guard, what ho!Come, your lord calls!Bear me, good friends, where Cleopatra bides.’Tis the last service that I shall command
                                you.Woe, woe are we, sir, you may not live to wearAll your true followers out.#LBSFORGOLDIs that you, Diomedes? Draw your sword and give me enough blows to
                                kill me.Most powerful lord, my mistress Cleopatra sent me to you.When did she send you?Just now, my lord.Where is she?Locked in her tomb. She had a premonition of what has actually
                                happened. She saw that you suspected her of negotiating a treaty
                                with Caesar—which never will be true. Afraid that your anger would
                                not subside, she sent you word she was dead. But later, fearing how
                                that news might affect you, she sent me to tell you the truth. I’m
                                afraid I’ve come too late. Too late, good Diomedes. Call my guard, please.Hey out there! Emperor’s guards! Guards, hey! Come! Your lord
                                calls for you!Carry me, good friends, to where Cleopatra is. It’s the last
                                command I shall ever give you.We’re very sorry, sir, that you may not live to wear us out with
                                your commands.