O Charmian, I will never go from hence.Be comforted, dear madam.                                                      No, I will
                                not.All strange and terrible events are welcome,But comforts we despise. Our size of sorrow,Proportioned to our cause, must be as greatAs that which makes it.                                                 How now? Is he
                                dead?His death’s upon him, but not dead.Look out o’ th’ other side your monument.His guard have brought him thither.                                                                        O
                                sun,Burn the great sphere thou mov’st in. Darkling
                                standThe varying shore o’ th’ world! O Antony,Antony, Antony! Help, Charmian, help, Iras, help!Help, friends below! Let’s draw him hither.                                                                                     Peace!Not Caesar’s valor hath o’erthrown Antony,But Antony’s hath triumphed on itself.So it should be, that none but AntonyShould conquer Antony, but woe ’tis so!#LBSFORGOLDOh, Charmian, I will never leave this tomb!Be calm, dear lady.No, I won’t. Strange and terrible events are all welcome, but I
                                despise comforts. The size of my sorrow must be as great as its
                                source.What’s the news! Is he dead?He is close to death, but not dead yet. Look out the other window;
                                his guard has brought him here.Oh, sun, burn up the orbit in which you move, so that the world
                                may be dark forever! Oh, Antony, Antony, Antony! Help, Charmian,
                                help, Iras, help! Help, friends below; lift him up here. Be calm! It was not Caesar’s bravery that conquered Antony but
                                Antony’s that has triumphed over himself.That’s the way it should be—only Antony should conquer Antony. But
                                how terrible that it has happened!