                                     Now, my dearest Queen—Pray you, stand farther from me.                                                                What’s
                                the matter?I know by that same eye there’s some good news.What, says the married woman you may go?Would she had never given you leave to come!Let her not say ’tis I that keep you here.I have no power upon you. Hers you are.The gods best know—                                             Oh never was there
                                queenSo mightily betrayed! Yet at the firstI saw the treasons planted.                                                    Cleopatra—Why should I think you can be mine, and true—Though you in swearing shake the thronèd gods—Who have been false to Fulvia? Riotous madness,To be entangled with those mouth-made vowsWhich break themselves in swearing!                                                                       Most
                                sweet Queen—Nay, pray you, seek no color for your going,But bid farewell and go. When you sued staying,Then was the time for words. No going then!Eternity was in our lips and eyes,Bliss in our brows’ bent, none our parts so poorBut was a race of heaven. They are so still,Or thou, the greatest soldier of the world,Art turned the greatest liar.#LBSFORGOLDNow, my dearest Queen—Please, stand farther away from me.What’s the matter?I can see in your eyes there’s been some good news. What, does
                                your wife say you can come home? I wish she’d never let you come.
                                Don’t let her say I kept you. I have no power over you. You belong
                                to her. The gods know—Oh, never has a queen been so betrayed as I have been. I knew from
                                the first it would be this way. Cleopatra—How could I have ever thought that you would be faithful and true,
                                even though your vows of love shook the heavens themselves—you, who
                                were unfaithful to Fulvia? It was wild insanity to believe promises
                                made by the mouth and not the heart. Such false vows are broken as
                                soon as they are spoken.Most sweet Queen—No, please don’t try to excuse your departure. Just say good-bye
                                and go. When you begged to stay, that was the time for words. You
                                didn’t want to go then! You saw eternity in my lips and eyes, and
                                happiness in the arch of my eyebrows. Then, all my parts seemed
                                angelic to you. My features are still that beautiful—or else you,
                                the greatest soldier in the world, have become the greatest liar by
                                overpraising them.