And welcome, welcome! Die when thou hast lived.Quicken with kissing. Had my lips that power,Thus would I wear them out.A heavy sight!I am dying, Egypt, dying.Give me some wine and let me speak a little.No, let me speak, and let me rail so highThat the false huswife Fortune break her
                                wheel,Provoked by my offense.                                                 One word, sweet
                                Queen:Of Caesar seek your honor, with your safety—Oh!They do not go together.                                                Gentle, hear
                                me.None about Caesar trust but Proculeius.My resolution and my hands I’ll trust,None about Caesar.The miserable change now at my endLament nor sorrow at, but please your thoughtsIn feeding them with those my former fortunes,Wherein I lived the greatest prince o’ th’
                                world,The noblest, and do now not basely die,Not cowardly put off my helmet toMy countryman—a Roman by a RomanValiantly vanquished. Now my spirit is going.I can no more.#LBSFORGOLDAnd welcome, welcome! Die where you have lived, in my arms. Let me
                                revive you with my kisses. If my lips had the power to give life, I
                                would wear them out like this.What a sad sight!I am dying, Cleopatra, dying. Give me some wine and let me say a
                                few words.No, let me talk, and let me scold to the heavens, so that Fortune, that deceitful hussy, will become so upset that she breaks her wheel.Fortune was often depicted as a woman with a wheel, which controlled human beings’ fates.Fortune,
                                that deceitful hussy, will become so upset that she breaks her
                                wheel. One thing, dear Queen: request honor, as well as safety, from
                                Caesar. Oh!Honor and safety do not go together.Dear, listen to me: don’t trust any of Caesar’s men besides
                                Proculeius.I’ll trust my determination and my hands, but none of Caesar’s
                                men.Don’t mourn over this unhappy reversal of fortune at the end of my
                                life. Remember my earlier lot, when I lived as the greatest, most
                                noble prince in the world. I’m not dying shamefully, doffing my
                                helmet to my countryman like a coward, but as a Roman, honorably
                                conquered by another Roman. Now I feel my soul leaving. I can’t
                                speak any more. 