My desolation does begin to makeA better life. ’Tis paltry to be Caesar.Not being Fortune, he’s but Fortune’s knave,A minister of her will. And it is greatTo do that thing that ends all other deeds,Which shackles accidents and bolts up change,Which sleeps and never palates more the dung,The beggar’s nurse, and Caesar’s.Caesar sends greeting to the Queen of Egypt,And bids thee study on what fair demandsThou mean’st to have him grant thee.                                                                         What’s
                                thy name?My name is Proculeius.                                              AntonyDid tell me of you, bade me trust you, butI do not greatly care to be deceived,That have no use for trusting. If your masterWould have a queen his beggar, you must tell him,That majesty, to keep decorum, mustNo less beg than a kingdom. If he pleaseTo give me conquered Egypt for my son,He gives me so much of mine own as IWill kneel to him with thanks.#LBSFORGOLDBeing alone has helped me better understand my life. It’s pathetic
                                to be Caesar. He can’t be Fortune; he’s only Fortune’s errand boy.
                                It would be a great deed to commit suicide—that act which ends all
                                other things, which makes all accidents and changes stop. Which
                                causes you to sleep, and takes you away from earthly
                                concerns.Caesar greets the Queen of Egypt and asks that you consider what
                                you will ask from him. What’s your name?My name is Proculeius.Antony told me about you. He said you were a man I could trust.
                                But I don’t worry about being deceived because I don’t need to
                                trust. If your master wants a queen to beg from him, you should tell
                                him that a queen will beg for no less than a kingdom.If he will grant me conquered Egypt, so that I may give it to my
                                son, I will kneel to him with thanks.