                                                     You do
                                extendThese thoughts of horror further than you shallFind cause in Caesar.                                            Proculeius,What thou hast done thy master Caesar knows,And he hath sent for thee. For the Queen,I’ll take her to my guard.                                                 So,
                                Dolabella,It shall content me best. Be gentle to her.
(to
                                    
CLEOPATRA
) To Caesar I will speak what you
                                shall please,If you’ll employ me to him.                                                      Say I would
                                die.Most noble Empress, you have heard of me?I cannot tell.Assuredly you know me.No matter, sir, what I have heard or known.You laugh when boys or women tell their dreams.Is ’t not your trick?                                      I understand not,
                                madam.I dreamt there was an emperor Antony.Oh, such another sleep, that I might seeBut such another man!#LBSFORGOLDYou’re letting yourself get carried away with these horrible
                                thoughts. You’ll see that Caesar is giving you no reason to do
                                so.Proculeius, Caesar has heard about what you’ve done here and has
                                sent for you. I’ll take the Queen into my custody. So be it, Dolabella. Caesar’s thanks are my greatest reward. Be
                                kind to her. (to
                                    
CLEOPATRA
) I’ll relay to Caesar any request you
                                want to give me. Tell him I’d like to die.Have you heard of me, most noble Empress?I don’t remember.I’m sure you’ve heard of me.It doesn’t matter what I’ve heard or known. You must be the one
                                who laughs when boys or women tell you their dreams. Isn’t that your
                                habit?I don’t know what you mean, madam.I dreamed about an emperor called Antony. Oh, I wish I could sleep
                                again, so I could have another dream like that!