You shall advise me in all for Cleopatra. This is the brief of money, plate, and jewelsI am possessed of. ’Tis exactly valued,Not petty things admitted. Where’s Seleucus?Here, madam.This is my treasurer. Let him speak, my lord,Upon his peril, that I have reservedTo myself nothing.—Speak the truth, Seleucus.Madam, I had rather seal my lipsThan to my peril speak that which is not.What have I kept back?Enough to purchase what you have made known.Nay, blush not, Cleopatra. I approveYour wisdom in the deed.                                                  See, Caesar! Oh,
                                beholdHow pomp is followed! Mine will now be yours,And, should we shift estates, yours would be mine.The ingratitude of this Seleucus doesEven make me wild. (to
                                    
SELEUCUS
) O slave, of no more trustThan love that’s hired!                                             What, goest thou
                                back? Thou shaltGo back, I warrant thee! But I’ll catch thine eyes,Though they had wings. Slave, soulless villain, dog!Oh, rarely base!#LBSFORGOLDYou shall advise me in everything having to do with
                                Cleopatra.This is the inventory of the money, silverware, dishes, and jewels
                                that are still in my possession. It’s an exact list. Not even
                                trivial things were left out. Where’s Seleucus?Here, madam.This is my treasurer. My lord, he will swear on his life that I
                                haven’t kept a thing.—Tell the truth, Seleucus. Madam, I’d rather sew my lips shut than tell a lie when my life
                                depends upon it.What did I keep for myself?Enough to buy everything you have declared.No, don’t be ashamed, Cleopatra. You’re very prudent to set a
                                little aside.Look around you, Caesar. Oh, just see what happens after the
                                pageantry is over! What is mine will be yours now. If we were to
                                change places, what is yours would be mine. Seleucus’ ingratitude
                                makes me wild. (to
                                    
SELEUCUS
) Oh, you slave! I can’t trust you any
                                more than a prostitute.What are you doing? Cringing away? I’ll give you a good reason to
                                cringe, I promise you. I’ll scratch out your eyes, even if they
                                could fly. You slave! Soulless villain! Dog! Oh, that was
                                unbelievably low!