                                                   Cleopatra,Not what you have reserved nor what
                                acknowledgedPut we i’ th’ roll of conquest. Still be ’t yours.Bestow it at your pleasure, and believeCaesar’s no merchant, to make prize with youOf things that merchants sold. Therefore be cheered.Make not your thoughts your prison. No, dear
                                Queen,For we intend so to dispose you asYourself shall give us counsel. Feed and sleep.Our care and pity is so much upon youThat we remain your friend. And so, adieu.My master, and my lord!                                                 Not so.
                                Adieu.He words me, girls, he words me, that I should notBe noble to myself. But, hark thee, Charmian.Finish, good lady. The bright day is done,And we are for the dark.
         (to
                                    
CHARMIAN
)        Hie thee again.I have spoke already, and it is provided.Go put it to the haste.                                           Madam, I will.#LBSFORGOLDCleopatra, our conquest won’t include either the things you kept
                                back or the ones you listed. It’s all still yours. Do whatever you
                                like with it. You can trust that Caesar is not a merchant to haggle
                                with you over your property. So cheer up. Don’t be captured by your
                                depressed thoughts. No, dear Queen. We want to follow your own
                                counsel when making arrangements for you. Eat and sleep. I have so
                                much care and pity for you that you could call me friend. And so,
                                good-bye.My master and my lord!Not true. Good-bye.He’s trying to talk me into forgetting my nobility, girls. But
                                listen, Charmian.It’s time to end it, good lady. The bright day of our lives is
                                over, and now there will only be darkness.
(to
                                    
CHARMIAN
) Go out again. I’ve already given the
                                order, and it is ready. Hurry with your errand. I will, madam.