Well, get thee gone. Farewell.Yes, forsooth. I wish you joy o’ th’ worm.
Give me my robe. Put on my crown. I haveImmortal longings in me. Now no moreThe juice of Egypt’s grape shall moist this lip.Yare, yare, good Iras, quick. Methinks I hearAntony call. I see him rouse himselfTo praise my noble act. I hear him mockThe luck of Caesar, which the gods give menTo excuse their after wrath.—Husband, I come!Now to that name my courage prove my title!I am fire and air, my other elementsI give to baser life.—So, have you done?Come then and take the last warmth of my lips.Farewell, kind Charmian. Iras, long farewell.Have I the aspic in my lips? Dost fall?If thou and nature can so gently part,The stroke of death is as a lover’s pinch,Which hurts, and is desired. Dost thou lie still?If thus thou vanishest, thou tell’st the worldIt is not worth leave-taking.#LBSFORGOLDWell, you can go now. Farewell.Yes, truly, I wish you good luck with the snake.Give me my robe. Put on my crown. I long to be immortal. I won’t
                                drink Egyptian wine again.Quickly, quickly, good Iras, quickly. I think I hear Antony call
                                me. I see him revive himself to praise my noble act. I hear him mock
                                Caesar’s luck, which the gods give to men in order to balance out
                                their subsequent wrath. Husband, I’m coming! Now let my courage
                                prove my title as wife. I am now made of fire and air, and I leave
                                the other elements, earth and water, to this mortal life. So, are
                                you done? Come then, kiss me and take the last bit of warmth from my
                                lips. Good-bye, kind Charmian. Iras, I won’t see you again for a
                                long time.Do I have the asp’s poison on my lips? Did you fall? If you can
                                leave your body so easily, then the touch of death is like a lover’s
                                pinch, which hurts but is desired. Do you lie still? If you leave
                                like that, you tell the world that it’s not worthy of a good-bye.
                            