Dissolve, thick cloud, and rain, that I may sayThe gods themselves do weep!                                                             This
                                proves me base.If she first meet the curlèd Antony, He’ll make demand of her and spend that kissWhich is my heaven to have. —Come, thou mortal
                                wretch,With thy sharp teeth this knot intrinsicateOf life at once untie. Poor venomous foolBe angry and dispatch. Oh, couldst thou speak,That I might hear thee call great Caesar assUnpolicied!                        O eastern star!                                                      Peace,
                                peace!Dost thou not see my baby at my breast,That sucks the nurse asleep?                                                       Oh, break!
                                Oh, break!As sweet as balm, as soft as air, as gentle—O Antony!—Nay, I will take thee too.What should I stay—In this wild world? So, fare thee well.Now boast thee, Death, in thy possession liesA lass unparalleled. Downy windows, close,#LBSFORGOLDClouds, dissolve into rain, so that I could say the gods
                                themselves are weeping!This proves that I’m petty: if Iras meets Antony before me, he’ll
                                want her first and give her the kiss that is my bliss to
                                have.Come, you deadly villain.Separate me from life with your sharp teeth. Poor poisonous fool,
                                be angry and bite. Oh, if you could speak, I might hear you call
                                Caesar an ass who’s been outsmarted! Oh, eastern star!Quiet, quiet! Don’t you see my baby suckling at my breast so that
                                its nurse will fall asleep? Oh, if my heart would only break!The poison is as sweet as balm, as soft as air, as gentle—Oh,
                                Antony!—No, I’ll take you too.Why should I stay—In this vile world? So, good-bye. Now, Death, you can boast that
                                you have an incomparable girl in your possession. Close, soft
                                eyes.