A way there, a way for Caesar!O sir, you are too sure an augurer.That you did fear is done.Bravest at the last,She leveled at our purposes and, being royal,Took her own way. The manner of their deaths?I do not see them bleed.                                                Who was last with
                                them?A simple countryman that brought her figs.This was his basket.                                         Poisoned, then.                                                                         Oh,
                                Caesar,This Charmian lived but now. She stood and spake.I found her trimming up the diademOn her dead mistress. Tremblingly she stoodAnd on the sudden dropped.                                                         Oh, noble
                                weakness!If they had swallowed poison, ’twould appearBy external swelling, but she looks like sleep,As she would catch another AntonyIn her strong toil of grace.                                                   Here on her
                                breastThere is a vent of blood, and something blown.The like is on her arm.#LBSFORGOLDStep aside, step aside for Caesar!Oh, sir, you are too good at predicting the future. What you were
                                afraid of has happened.She was bravest at the end. She knew what I intended to do with
                                her and, being royal, she took her own way out. How did they die? I
                                don’t see any blood. Who was with them last?A simple country farmer who brought her figs. This was the
                                basket.They were poisoned, then.Oh, Caesar, this Charmian lived until a moment ago. She stood and
                                spoke. I found her adjusting the crown on her dead mistress. She
                                stood trembling, then suddenly dropped dead. Oh, noble weakness! If they had swallowed poison, it would be
                                evident by external swelling. But she looks like she’s asleep, as if
                                she would charm another Antony.Here on her breast there’s a little bloody mark. There’s a similar
                                mark on her arm. 