Sovereign of Egypt, hail!How much unlike art thou Mark Antony!Yet, coming from him, that great med’cine hathWith his tinct gilded thee.How goes it with my brave Mark Antony?Last thing he did, dear Queen,He kissed—the last of many doubled kisses—This orient pearl.
                               His speech sticks in my
                                heart.Mine ear must pluck it thence.                                                           “Good
                                friend,” quoth he,“Say the firm Roman to great Egypt sendsThis treasure of an oyster, at whose foot,To mend the petty present, I will pieceHer opulent throne with kingdoms. All the East,Say thou, shall call her mistress.” So he nodded,And soberly did mount an arm-gaunt steed,Who neighed so high that what I would have spokeWas beastly dumbed by him.What was he, sad or merry?Like to the time o’ th’ year between the extremesOf hot and cold, he was nor sad nor merry. #LBSFORGOLDQueen of Egypt, greetings!You are nothing like Mark Antony! But since you come from him,
                                you’re saturated with his healing spirit. How does it go with my
                                magnificent Mark Antony? The last thing he did before sending me off, dear Queen, was to
                                kiss—the last of many such kisses—this Indian pearl for you.His speech is stored in my heart.My ear must pull it out.“Good friend,” he said, “say that the faithful Roman sends an
                                oyster’s treasure to the great Queen of Egypt, and that he plans to
                                enhance this meager gift by adding new kingdoms to her empire. Tell
                                her that the entire East shall call her Queen.” Then he nodded and
                                solemnly mounted an armored warhorse, which neighed so loudly it
                                effectively silenced anything I might have said in reply. Was he sad or happy?He was like that time of year halfway between the extremes of hot
                                and cold: he was neither sad nor happy.