O well-divided disposition! Note him,Note him, good Charmian, ’tis the man, but note him.He was not sad, for he would shine on thoseThat make their looks by his. He was not merry,Which seemed to tell them his remembrance layIn Egypt with his joy, but between both.O heavenly mingle! Be’st thou sad or merry,The violence of either thee becomes,So does it no man else.—Mett’st thou my posts?Ay, madam, twenty several messengers.Why do you send so thick?                                                     Who’s born
                                that dayWhen I forget to send to AntonyShall die a beggar. Ink and paper, Charmian.Welcome, my good Alexas. Did I, Charmian,Ever love Caesar so?                                         Oh, that brave
                                Caesar!Be choked with such another emphasis!Say, “the brave Antony.”                                                The valiant
                                Caesar!By Isis, I will give thee bloody teethIf thou with Caesar paragon againMy man of men.#LBSFORGOLDOh, what an even disposition he has! Observe, observe good
                                Charmian! That’s exactly how he is! Just notice. He wasn’t sad,
                                because he knows that his disposition affects others. He wasn’t
                                merry, because to be merry would indicate that he had forgotten his
                                love in Egypt. He was somewhere in the middle, between them . . .
                                Oh, heavenly mixture! Whether you are sad or merry, the intensity of
                                either suits you like no one else . . . Did you meet my messengers
                                on your way here?Yes, madam, twenty different messengers. Why did you send so
                                many?Whoever is born on a day I forget to send a message to Antony will
                                die a beggar. Bring ink and paper, Charmian. Welcome, my good
                                Alexas. Charmian, did I ever love Caesar as much as this?Oh, that splendid Caesar!May you choke on any other sentiments like that! Say, “That
                                splendid Antony.”The courageous Caesar!By Isis, I’ll give you bloody teeth if you ever compare Caesar
                                with Antony, my best man among men. 