                                            Excellent
                                falsehood!Why did he marry Fulvia, and not love her?I’ll seem the fool I am not. AntonyWill be himself.                                But stirred by Cleopatra.Now, for the love of Love and her soft hours,Let’s not confound the time with conference harsh.There’s not a minute of our lives should stretchWithout some pleasure now. What sport tonight?Hear the ambassadors.                                             Fie, wrangling
                                Queen!Whom every thing becomes—to chide, to laugh,To weep, whose every passion fully strivesTo make itself, in thee, fair and admired!No messenger but thine, and all aloneTonight we’ll wander through the streets and noteThe qualities of people. Come, my Queen,Last night you did desire it.—(to the
                                    
MESSENGER
) Speak not to us.Is Caesar with Antonius prized so slight?Sir, sometimes when he is not AntonyHe comes too short of that great propertyWhich still should go with Antony.#LBSFORGOLD
(to herself) What
                                an enormous lie! Why did he marry Fulvia if he didn’t love her? I’ll
                                pretend to be a fool and believe him. He’ll never change. 
(overhearing the last
                                    sentence) Unless he is moved and inspired by Cleopatra.
                                Now, since we love the feeling of being in love, let’s not spoil the
                                mood with serious discussion. We shouldn’t spend a minute without
                                some kind of amusement. What shall we do tonight?Meet with the ambassadors.Shame on you, stubborn Queen! Everything you do is
                                attractive—scolding, laughing, crying—every emotion seems admirable
                                when you express it. I won’t see any messengers but yours. Tonight
                                we’ll wander through the streets and observe the people. Come, my
                                Queen. That’s what you wanted to do last night. (to the
                                    
MESSENGER
) Don’t talk to us. Does Antony have so little respect for Caesar?Sir, sometimes he’s like a different person, a person who can’t
                                measure up to the former Antony. 