Good Enobarbus, ’tis a worthy deed,And shall become you well, to entreat your captainTo soft and gentle speech.                                                   I shall entreat
                                himTo answer like himself. If Caesar move him,Let Antony look over Caesar’s headAnd speak as loud as Mars. By Jupiter,Were I the wearer of Antonio’s beard,I would not shave ’t today.’Tis not a time for private stomaching.Every time serves for the matter that
                                is then born in ’t. 
But small to greater matters must give way.Not if the small come first.Your speech is passion. But pray you stirNo embers up. Here comes the noble Antony.And yonder, Caesar.
(to
                                    
VENTIDIUS
) If we compose well here, to
                                Parthia.Hark, Ventidius.
(to
                                    
MECAENAS
) I do not know, Maecenas. Ask
                                Agrippa.#LBSFORGOLDGood Enobarbus, you would be doing a very good thing if you
                                advised your captain to speak calmly and quietly.I will advise him to speak as he usually does. If Caesar makes him
                                mad, let Antony stand tall and speak as loudly as Mars, the god of
                                war. By Jupiter, if I were Antony, I wouldn’t shave my beard today.
                                I’d leave it long and dare Caesar to insult me by pulling on it,
                                just so I could fight him.This is not the time for dwelling on personal grievances.It’s always appropriate to deal with matters as they arise.But major issues must come before minor ones.Not if the minor ones come up first.You speak out of passion, but I beg you not to stir things up.
                                Here comes the noble Antony.And there comes Caesar.
(to
                                    
VENTIDIUS
) If we can come to an agreement here,
                                we’ll move on to Parthia. Listen, Ventidius.
(to
                                    
MAECENAS
) I don’t know, Maecenas. Ask
                                Agrippa.