
(to
                                    
CAESAR 
and
 ANTONY
)
 Noble friends,That which combined us was most great, and let
                                notA leaner action rend us. What’s amiss,May it be gently heard. When we debateOur trivial difference loud, we do commitMurder in healing wounds. Then, noble partners,The rather for I earnestly beseech,Touch you the sourest points with sweetest terms,Nor curstness grow to th’ matter.                                                                 ’Tis
                                spoken well.Were we before our armies, and to fight,I should do thus.Welcome to Rome.Thank you.Sit.Sit, sir.Nay, then.I learn, you take things ill which are not so,Or being, concern you not.                                                      I must be
                                laughed atIf or for nothing or a little, IShould say myself offended, and with youChiefly i’ th’ world; more laughed at, that I shouldOnce name you derogately, when to sound your
                                nameIt not concerned me.#LBSFORGOLD
(to
                                    
CAESAR
 and 
ANTONY
) Good friends, the
                                cause that joined us was noble. Don’t let some petty quarrel tear us
                                apart. Let’s discuss this calmly. When we argue our differences with
                                raised voices, we do more harm than good. So I plead with you to use
                                reasonable words as you discuss these unreasonable deeds, and don’t
                                lose your tempers. You’re right. If we were in front of our armies, about to fight, I
                                would do this.Welcome to Rome.Thank you.Have a seat.After you.No, after you.I hear you’ve interpreted some of my actions as being improper,
                                when they weren’t improper at all—or if they were, their impropriety
                                didn’t concern you.I should be ridiculed if I were offended so easily—and laughed at
                                even more for speaking of you disrespectfully, when I had no reason
                                to speak of you at all. 