                                          Worthily spoken,
                                Maecenas. Or, if you borrow one another’s love
                                for the instant, you 
 may, when you hear no more words of Pompey, return
                                it 
again. You shall have time to wrangle in when you
                                have 
nothing else to do.
Thou art a soldier only. Speak no more.That truth should be silent I had
                                almost forgot. 
You wrong this presence. Therefore speak no more. Go to, then. Your considerate stone. 
I do not much dislike the matter, butThe manner of his speech, for ’t cannot beWe shall remain in friendship, our conditionsSo diff’ring in their acts. Yet if I knewWhat hoop should hold us stanch, from edge to edgeO’ th’ world I would pursue it.Give me leave, Caesar.Speak, Agrippa.Thou hast a sister by the mother’s side,Admired Octavia. Great Mark AntonyIs now a widower.                                     Say not so, Agrippa.If Cleopatra heard you, your reproofWere well deserved of rashness.#LBSFORGOLDWell put, Maecenas.Or you can pretend to settle your differences until this matter
                                with Pompey is finished. You can argue as much as you like when
                                there’s nothing else to do. You are only a soldier. Be quiet.Oh, I’d forgotten that no one’s supposed to speak the
                                truth.It’s not appropriate for a soldier to be part of a discussion
                                among noblemen. Don’t speak any further.As you please. I’ll pretend to be a conscious stone, and think
                                without speaking.I agree with what he says, though I don’t care for the way he says
                                it. It’s not possible for us to be friends anymore. We’re too
                                different, in both our dispositions and actions. But if there were
                                something that could join us together again, I would go to the ends
                                of the world to find it.May I speak, Caesar.What is it, Agrippa?You have a beautiful half-sister, Octavia. Great Mark Antony is a
                                widower now. You’d better not make that suggestion, Agrippa. If Cleopatra heard
                                you, you would be well punished for your audacity.