 Eight wild boars roasted whole at a breakfast—and
                                but
 twelve persons there! Is this true? 
 This was but as a fly by an eagle. We had much more 
 monstrous matter of feast, which worthily
                                deserved
 noting.
She’s a most triumphant lady, if report be square to her.  When she first met Mark Antony, she pursed up his
                                heart 
upon the river of Cydnus.
 There she appeared indeed, or my reporter devised
                                well 
for her.
I will tell you.The barge she sat in, like a burnished throne,Burned on the water. The poop was beaten gold,Purple the sails, and so perfumèd thatThe winds were lovesick with them. The oars were
                                silver,Which to the tune of flutes kept stroke, and madeThe water which they beat to follow faster,As amorous of their strokes. For her own person,It beggared all description: she did lieIn her pavilion—cloth-of-gold, of tissue—O’erpicturing that Venus where we seeThe fancy outwork nature. On each side herStood pretty dimpled boys, like smiling Cupids,With divers-colored fans, whose wind did seemTo glow the delicate cheeks which they did
                                cool,And what they undid did.#LBSFORGOLDWe heard that once you were served eight wild boars roasted whole
                                for breakfast—for only twelve people! Is that true?That was nothing. There were many even more memorable
                                feasts.She’s a remarkable lady, if the rumors are to be believed.From the first time Antony saw her, sailing on her barge on the
                                Cydnus RiverRiver in southern Turkey.Cydnus River, he was hers.She made quite an appearance there, or else my informant invented
                                a very flattering description of her.I’ll tell you. Her barge looked like a golden throne upon the
                                waves, burning bright with the sun’s reflections. The rear deck was
                                covered with hammered gold. The sails were dyed purple, and they
                                were perfumed so heavily that they made the air seem dizzy with
                                love. The oars were made of silver, and the oarsmen rowed in time to
                                flute music. As the oars beat the water, the waves seemed to speed
                                up as if excited by lust. Cleopatra’s appearance was indescribable.
                                As she reclined under a canopy woven from gold thread, she was more
                                beautiful than any artist’s idealized portrait of the goddess Venus.
                                Pretty, Cupid-like boys stood on either side of her, smiling and
                                cooling her with multicolored fans, which seemed to fan the flames
                                in her cheeks even as they cooled them, undoing what they
                                did.