                                                                  Speak
                                this no more.To none but thee, no more but when to thee.If thou dost play with him at any game,Thou art sure to lose, and of that natural luckHe beats thee ’gainst the odds. Thy luster thickensWhen he shines by. I say again, thy spiritIs all afraid to govern thee near him,But, he away, ’tis noble.                                               Get thee
                                gone.Say to Ventidius I would speak with him.
(to himself) He
                                shall to Parthia. Be it art or hap,He hath spoken true. The very dice obey him,And in our sports my better cunning faintsUnder his chance. If we draw lots, he speeds.His cocks do win the battle still of mineWhen it is all to naught, and his quails everBeat mine, inhooped, at odds. I will to Egypt.And though I make this marriage for my peace,I’ th’ East my pleasure lies.                                                     O come,
                                Ventidius.You must to Parthia. Your commission’s ready.Follow me and receive ’t.#LBSFORGOLDDon’t speak of this again.To none but you, only to you. You will surely lose any game you
                                play with Caesar. With his natural luck, he will beat you even
                                against the odds. Your light dulls when he is near. I repeat: your
                                angel is afraid to inspire you when you’re around him, but when he
                                goes away it becomes brilliant again. Leave now. Tell Ventidius I want to speak with him.
(to himself) I’ll
                                send him to Parthia. Whether he’s truly gifted or just lucky, what
                                the Fortuneteller said is true. Even the dice obey Caesar. When we
                                compete in sports, my skill is defeated by his luck. If we pick
                                numbers in a lottery, he wins. His roosters always beat mine at the
                                cockfights. His quails beat mine, even against the odds, when mine
                                have the advantage. I’ll return to Egypt. Though I’ve made this
                                marriage to keep peace with Caesar, my pleasure remains in the East,
                                with Cleopatra.Come here, Ventidius. You must go to Parthia. Your authorization
                                is ready. Come with me and I’ll get it for you.#LBSFORGOLD