Give me some music. Music, moody foodOf us that trade in love.                                               The music,
                                ho!Let it alone. Let’s to billiards. Come, Charmian. My arm is sore. Best play with Mardian.As well a woman with an eunuch playedAs with a woman.—Come, you’ll play with me, sir?As well as I can, madam.And when good will is showed, though ’t come too short,The actor may plead pardon. I’ll none now.Give me mine angle. We’ll to th’ river. There,My music playing far off, I will betrayTawny-finned fishes. My bended hook shall pierceTheir slimy jaws, and as I draw them upI’ll think them every one an AntonyAnd say, “Aha! You’re caught.”                                                              ’Twas
                                merry whenYou wagered on your angling, when your diverDid hang a salt fish on his hook, which heWith fervency drew up.                                                  That time—Oh,
                                times!—I laughed him out of patience, and that nightI laughed him into patience. And next morn,Ere the ninth hour, I drunk him to his bed,Then put my tires and mantles on him, whilstI wore his sword Philippan.#LBSFORGOLDPlay me some music. Music feeds the melancholy moods of us
                                lovers.Musicians, come in!Never mind. Let’s play billiards. Play with me, Charmian.My arm is sore. You’ll have a better game with Mardian.Playing with a eunuch is the same as playing with a woman. Will
                                you play with me, sir?I’ll do my best, madam.When a person tries in good faith, even if he fails he cannot be
                                blamed. I don’t want to play now. Give me my fishing rod. We’ll go
                                to the river. With my music playing in the background, I’ll lure
                                fish. My hook will go through their slimy jaws and as I pull them up
                                I’ll imagine each one is Antony. I’ll say, “Aha! I caught
                                you!”It was funny when you and Antony bet on who could catch the first
                                fish. You had a diver put a salted fish on his hook. He was so
                                excited as he hurried to pull it in!That time? Oh, there were so many fun times. I would play some
                                trick on him and laugh until he lost his patience. Then, that night,
                                I would laugh with him while we made love until he was patient
                                again. Then by nine in the morning I would have him so drunk I could
                                dress him in my clothes while I wore the sword he used at the famous
                                battle of Philippi.