Thou dost me yet but little hurt. Thou wilt anon, I know it by thy
                                trembling. Now Prosper works upon thee.
(trying to give CALIBAN
                                drink)
Come on your ways. Open your mouth. Here is that which will give
                                language to you, cat. Open your mouth. This will shake your shaking,
                                I can tell you, and that soundly. You cannot tell who’s
                                your friend. Open your chaps again.I should know that voice. It should be—But he is
                                drowned, and these are devils. Oh, defend me!Four legs and two voices—a most delicate monster. His
                                forward voice now is to speak well of his friend. His backward voice
                                is to utter foul speeches and to detract. If all the wine in my
                                bottle will recover him, I will help his ague. Come.CALIBAN drinks
Amen! I will pour some in thy other mouth.Stephano!Doth thy other mouth call me? Mercy, mercy! This is a devil, and
                                no monster. I will leave him. I have no long spoon.Stephano! If thou beest Stephano, touch me and speak to me. For I
                                am Trinculo—be not afeard—thy good friend
                                Trinculo.If thou beest Trinculo, come forth. I’ll pull thee by
                                the lesser legs. If any be Trinculo’s legs, these are
                                they. (pulls TRINCULO
                                out from under the gaberdine)
#LBSFORGOLDYou haven’t hurt me much yet, but you will soon, I can
                                tell by your trembling. Prospero sent you here.
(trying to make CALIBAN
                                drink) Come on, open your mouth.
                                This’ll help you talk. Open up. This’ll stop
                                you from trembling—I can tell you that for sure.
                                (CALIBAN
                                drinks) You don’t even
                                know who your friends are. Open up that mouth again.I almost recognize that voice. It’s—But
                                he’s drowned, and these guys are devils. Oh, God help
                            me!Four legs and two voices—a very special monster. One
                                voice speaks well and talks about his friend. The other voice is
                                harsh and abusive. I can charge even more for this. If it takes all
                                the wine in my bottle, I’ll cure him. Come on. CALIBAN
                                drinks That’s good! Now
                                I’ll pour some in your other mouth.Stephano!Is your other mouth calling my name? Mercy, mercy! This
                                isn’t a monster, it’s a devil. I’ll
                                leave him alone. I have no interest in getting mixed up with the
                                devil.Stephano! If you’re Stephano, touch me and speak to me.
                                I’m Trinculo—don’t be
                                scared—your good friend Trinculo.If you’re Trinculo, then come out. I’ll pull
                                on these smaller legs. If any legs here are Trinculo’s,
                                these are. (he pulls TRINCULO
                                out from under the cloak)
                            Well,