Thou art very Trinculo indeed! How camest thou to be the siege of
                                this mooncalf? Can he vent Trinculos?I took him to be killed with a thunderstroke. But art thou not
                                drowned, Stephano? I hope now thou art not drowned. Is the storm
                                overblown? I hid me under the dead mooncalf’s gaberdine
                                for fear of the storm. And art thou living, Stephano? O Stephano,
                                two Neapolitans ’scaped!
                                (dances STEPHANO
                                about)
Prithee, do not turn me about. My stomach is not constant.
(aside) These be fine things, an if
                                they be not sprites. That’s a brave god and bears
                                celestial liquor. I will kneel to him.
(to
                                TRINCULO) How didst thou
                                ’scape? How camest thou hither? Swear by this bottle how
                                thou camest hither. I escaped upon a butt of sack which the sailors
                                heaved o'erboard, by this bottle, which I made of the
                                bark of a tree with mine own hands since I was cast ashore.
(to
                                STEPHANO) I’ll swear upon
                                that bottle to be thy true subject, for the liquor is not
                            earthly.
(to
                                TRINCULO) Here. Swear then how thou
                                escapedst.Swum ashore, man, like a duck. I can swim like a duck,
                                I’ll be sworn.Here, kiss the book. Though thou canst swim like a duck, thou art
                                made like a goose.#LBSFORGOLDwhat do you know, you are Trinculo!
                                How did you end up as this monster’s dung? Does he crap
                                Trinculos?I thought he was dead, struck by lightning. But aren’t
                                you drowned, Stephano? I hope you’re not drowned. Has the
                                storm passed? I hid under this monster’s cloak to get out
                                of the storm. Are you really alive, Stephano? Oh, Stephano, two men
                                from Naples survived! (TRINCULO
                                dances STEPHANO
                                around.)
Please stop turning me around. My stomach’s a little
                                upset.
(to himself) These are beautiful
                                creatures, if they’re not spirits. He’s a good
                                god, who brings liquor from the heavens. I will worship him.
(to
                                TRINCULO) How did you survive? How
                                did you get here? Tell me the truth, swear on this bottle of wine. I
                                made it out of tree bark after I washed ashore. I myself floated
                                here on a barrel of wine that the sailors tossed overboard.
(to
                                STEPHANO) I’ll swear by
                                that wine bottle to be your true subject. You must be a god, since
                                your liquor is out of this world.
(to
                                TRINCULO) Here. Swear, and tell me
                                how you survived.I swam ashore like a duck. I can swim like a duck, I swear.Here, kiss the BibleStephano jokingly describes taking a drink from the bottle as “kissing the Bible.”kiss the Bible and swear. You may swim like a duck, but you look more like
                                a goose.