O Stephano, hast any more of this?The whole butt, man. My cellar is in a rock by th'
                                seaside where my wine is hid.—How now, mooncalf? How does
                                thine ague?Hast thou not dropped from heaven?Out o' th' moon, I do assure thee. I was the
                                man i' the moon when time was.I have seen thee in her and I do adore thee. My mistress showed me
                                thee and thy dog and thy bush.Come, swear to that, kiss the book. I will furnish it anon with
                                new contents, swear.By this good light, this is a very shallow monster. I afeard of
                                him! A very weak monster. The man i' th' moon!
                                A most poor credulous monster.—Well drawn, monster, in
                                good sooth!
(to
                                STEPHANO) I’ll show thee
                                every fertile inch o' th' island.And I will kiss thy foot. I prithee, be my god.By this light, a most perfidious and drunken monster.When ’s god’s asleep, he’ll rob
                                his bottle.#LBSFORGOLDOh Stephano, do you have any more of that wine?I’ve got the whole barrel, man. I live in a cave by the
                                seaside, where I keep the barrel hidden.—Hey, monster,
                                how’s your fever?You come from heaven, don’t you?No, from the moon, I’m telling you. I used to be the
                                man in the moon a long time ago.Oh, I’ve seen you in the moon, and I worship you. My
                                mistress showed me you in the moon and your dog and your
                            bush.Come on, swear to it. Kiss the Bible and swear it. I’m
                                going to fill the bottle up again soon.When you get a good look at him, you see he’s not much
                                of a monster. I can’t believe I was scared of him! A
                                pretty pathetic monster. The man in the moon! What a poor, gullible
                                monster.—That was a nice big gulp, monster!
(to
                                STEPHANO) I’ll show you
                                every inch of the island, and I’ll kiss your feet. I beg
                                you, please be my god.What a lying, drunken monster. When his god falls asleep, the
                                monster will snatch his wine bottle.