
(to
                                STEPHANO) I’ll kiss thy
                                foot. I’ll swear myself thy subject.Come on then. Down, and swear.I shall laugh myself to death at this puppy-headed monster.A most scurvy monster. I could find in my heart to beat
                                him—
(to
                                CALIBAN) Come, kiss.But that the poor monster’s in drink. An abominable
                                monster!I’ll show thee the best springs. I’ll pluck
                                thee berries.I’ll fish for thee and get thee wood enough.A plague upon the tyrant that I serve!I’ll bear him no more sticks, but follow thee,Thou wondrous man.A most ridiculous monster, to make a wonder of a poor
                            drunkard.
(to
                                STEPHANO) I prithee, let me bring
                                thee where crabs grow.And I with my long nails will dig thee pignuts,Show thee a jay’s nest, and instruct thee howTo snare the nimble marmoset. I’ll bring theeTo clustering filberts, and sometimes I’ll get theeYoung scamels from the rock. Wilt thou go with me?I prithee now, lead the way without any more talking.—
Trinculo, the king and all our company else being drowned,
we will inherit here.—Here, bear my
                                bottle.—Fellow
Trinculo, we’ll fill him by and by again.
#LBSFORGOLD
(to
                                STEPHANO) I’ll kiss your
                                feet. I’ll vow to be your faithful subject.Come on, then. Get down and swear it.I’m going to laugh myself to death over this silly
                                monster. A rotten, foolish monster. I could find it in my heart to
                                beat him—Come on, kiss my feet.Except the poor monster’s drunk. An awful
                            monster!I’ll show you where to get fresh water. I’ll
                                pick berries for you. I’ll fish for you and get you
                                plenty of firewood. The tyrant I’m serving now can go to
                                hell! I won’t get any more wood for him. I’m
                                serving you now, you wonderful man.What a silly monster, to think a poor drunk is wonderful.
(to
                                STEPHANO) I beg you, let me show
                                where you can find crabs to eat. I’ll use my long
                                fingernails to dig edible roots for you, find you a
                                bird’s nest, and teach you how to catch a nimble monkey.
                                I’ll take you to clusters of hazelnuts, and sometimes
                                I’ll catch birds for you on the rocks. Will you come with
                                me?Show us the way without further delay.—Trinculo, since
                                the king and all our comrades are drowned, we’re the
                                heirs of this place.—Here, carry my wine
                                bottle.—Trinculo, my buddy, we’ll get that
                                bottle refilled soon enough.