Tell not me. When the butt is out, we will drink water. Not
a drop before. Therefore bear up and board
                                'em.—Servant-
monster, drink to me.
“Servant-monster”? The folly of this island.
                                They say
there’s but five upon this isle. We are three of them.
                                If th' 
other two be brained like us, the state totters.
Drink, servant-monster, when I bid thee. Thy eyes are
almost set in thy head.
Where should they be set else? He were a brave monster
indeed, if they were set in his tail.
My man-monster hath drowned his tongue in sack. For my
part, the sea cannot drown me. I swam, ere I could recover
the shore, five and thirty leagues off and on. By this light,
thou shalt be my lieutenant, monster, or my standard.
Your lieutenant, if you list. He’s no standard.We’ll not run, Monsieur Monster.Nor go neither. But you’ll lie like dogs, and yet say
                                nothing
neither.
#LBSFORGOLDDon’t tell me that. When the barrel’s empty,
                                we’ll drink water. Not one drop sooner. Therefore, drink
                                up.—Servant-monster, drink a toast to me.“Servant monster”? What a crazy island this
                                is. They say there are only five people on it. We’re
                                three of them. If the other two are as loopy as we are, our
                                country’s in bad shape.Drink when I order you, servant-monster. Your eyes look like
                                they’ve sunk into your head.Where else should his eyes be, if not in his head? He’d
                                be quite a monster if his eyes were in his tail.My man—monster is so drunk he can’t talk. As
                                for me, no liquid can harm me, neither booze nor the whole sea
                                itself. Before I could get to shore, I swam thirty-five leagues1 league = 3 milesleagues in it and still survived.—Monster,
                                you’ll be my lieutenant, or my flag-bearer.Lieutenant is better. He’s not standing straight enough
                                to hold a flag.We’re not going to run in our army, Monsieur
                            Monster.Or walk either. You’ll just lie there like sleeping
                                dogs and say nothing.