Mooncalf, speak once in thy life, if thou beest a good
mooncalf.
How does thy honor? Let me lick thy shoe.
(indicates
                                TRINCULO) I’ll not serve
                                him. He’s not valiant.
(to
                                CALIBAN)
Thou liest, most ignorant monster. I am in case to justle a
constable. Why, thou deboshed fish, thou, was there ever
man a coward that hath drunk so much sack as I today? Wilt
thou tell a monstrous lie, being but half a fish and half a
monster?

(to
                                STEPHANO)
Lo, how he mocks me! Wilt thou let him, mylord?“Lord,” quoth he? That a monster should be
                                such a natural!
(to
                                STEPHANO)
Lo, lo, again! Bite him to death, I prithee.Trinculo, keep a good tongue in your head. If you prove a
mutineer, the next tree. The poor monster’s my subject
                                and
he shall not suffer indignity.
I thank my noble lord. Wilt thou be pleased to hearken once
again to the suit I made to thee?
Marry, will I. Kneel and repeat it. I will stand, and so shallTrinculo.#LBSFORGOLDMonster sweetie, be a good monster and just speak once.How is your Highness? Let me lick your shoe.
                                (he points to
                                TRINCULO) I’ll never serve
                                that guy there. He’s not courageous like you.
(to
                                CALIBAN) You’re a liar,
                                you ignorant monster. I’m courageous. I could shake up a
                                police officer right now. You drunken fish, you, how could you call
                                me a coward after all the booze I’ve drunk today? Do you
                                tell such monstrous lies because you’re half fish and
                                half monster?
(to
                                STEPHANO) Look how he’s
                                making fun of me! Will you let him talk to me like, my lord?“Lord,” he calls you? What an idiot that
                                monster is!
(to
                                STEPHANO) There he goes again!
                                Please, bite him to death, I’m begging you.Trinculo, speak politely. If you mutiny against me,
                                I’ll hang you from the next tree. This poor monster is my
                                subject, and I will not allow him to be insulted.Thank you, my noble lord. Now would you please listen once again
                                to the request I made to you earlier?Indeed, I will. Kneel and tell me again. I’ll stand,
                                and so will Trinculo.