
(kneeling) As I told thee before, I
                                am subject to a tyrant, a
sorcerer that by his cunning hath cheated me of the island.
Thou liest.
(to
                                TRINCULO)
Thou liest, thou jesting monkey, thou! I would my valiant
master would destroy thee. I do not lie.
Trinculo, if you trouble him any more in ’s tale, by
                                this
hand, I will supplant some of your teeth.
Why, I said nothing.Mum, then, and no more. Proceed.I say, by sorcery he got this isle.From me he got it. If thy greatness willRevenge it on him—for I know thou darest,But this thing dare not—That’s most certain.Thou shalt be lord of it and I’ll serve thee.How now shall this be compassed?Canst thou bring me to th' party?Yea, yea, my lord. I’ll yield him thee asleep,Where thou mayst knock a nail into his head.Thou liest. Thou canst not.#LBSFORGOLD
(kneeling) As I told you before,
                                I’m enslaved to a tyrant, a magician who tricked me with
                                magic spells and took my island from me.You lie.
(to
                                TRINCULO) You’re the liar,
                                you big fat monkey. I wish my courageous master would kill you.
                                I’m not lying.Trinculo, if you interrupt him any more, I swear I’ll
                                knock some teeth out of your head.I didn’t say anything.Okay, just stay quiet. Go on.I was telling you he used witchcraft to take this island. He stole
                                it from me. If your highness is willing, take revenge on him for
                                that—because I know you’re brave enough, I
                                don’t dare to—That’s for sure.You’ll be lord of the island then, and I’ll
                                be your servant.And how would we go about doing that? Can you bring me to
                            him?Yes, yes, my lord. I’ll take you to where he sleeps,
                                and you can pound a nail into his head.You lie. You can’t do that.