What a pied ninny’s this!—Thou scurvy
                                patch!—I do beseech thy greatness, give him blowsAnd take his bottle from him. When that’s gone,He shall drink naught but brine, for I’ll not show himWhere the quick freshes are.Trinculo, run into no further danger. Interrupt the monster
one word further, and, by this hand, I’ll turn my mercy
                                out
o' doors and make a stockfish of thee.
Why, what did I? I did nothing. I’ll go farther
                            off.Didst thou not say he lied?Thou liest.
(to
                                TRINCULO) Do I so? Take thou that.
(beats
                                TRINCULO)
As you like this, give me the lie another time.I did not give the lie. Out o' your wits and hearing
                                too? A
pox o' your bottle! This can sack and drinking do. A
murrain on your monster, and the devil take your fingers!
Ha, ha, ha!Now, forward with your tale.—Prithee, stand farther
                                off.Beat him enough. After a little time,I’ll beat him too.Stand farther.—Come, proceed.#LBSFORGOLDWhat an idiot this guy is!—You’re a rotten
                                piece of work!—I beg your highness, beat him up and take
                                his wine bottle from him. When he loses that, he’ll be
                                drinking salt water, since I’ll never tell him where the
                                freshwater springs are.Trinculo, watch out. If you interrupt this monster with one more
                                word, I’ll beat you like a piece of salted fish.What did I do? I didn’t do anything. I need to get away
                                from you.Didn’t you call him a liar?You lie.
(to
                                TRINCULO) Oh, I did? Take that, then.
                                (he beats
                                TRINCULO) If you want more beatings
                                like that, just accuse me of lying again.I didn’t accuse you of lying. Are you out of your mind
                                and deaf too? Damn your wine! This is what happens when you drink
                                too much. Your monster can go to hell, and you can too!Ha, ha, ha!Now go ahead and tell me the rest of your story.—Please
                                go stand farther away.Beat him up. After a little while, I’ll beat him
                            too.Stand farther away.— Come on, continue your
                            story.