Why, as I told thee, ’tis a custom with him,I' th' afternoon to sleep. There thou mayst
                                brain him,Having first seized his books; or with a logBatter his skull; or paunch him with a stake;Or cut his weasand with thy knife. RememberFirst to possess his books, for without themHe’s but a sot, as I am, nor hath notOne spirit to command. They all do hate himAs rootedly as I. Burn but his books.He has brave utensils—for so he calls them—Which when he has a house, he’ll deck withal.And that most deeply to consider isThe beauty of his daughter. He himselfCalls her a nonpareil. I never saw a woman,But only Sycorax my dam and she.But she as far surpasseth SycoraxAs great’st does least.    Is it so brave a
                                lass?Ay, lord. She will become thy bed, I warrant.And bring thee forth brave brood.Monster, I will kill this man. His daughter and I will be
king and queen—save our graces!—and Trinculo
                                and
thyself shall be viceroys.—Dost thou like the plot,
Trinculo?
Excellent.Give me thy hand. I am sorry I beat thee. But while thou
livest, keep a good tongue in thy head.
Within this half hour will he be asleep. Wilt thou destroy
him
                                then?
#LBSFORGOLDJust as I told you, he usually sleeps in the afternoon. At that
                                time you can smash in his skull after seizing his books; or you can
                                bash his skull with a log; or you can stab him in the belly; or cut
                                his windpipe. Just remember to grab his books first, since without
                                them he’s just a poor fool like me, and can’t
                                command a single spirit. All the spirits hate him as much as I do.
                                Be sure to burn his magic books. He has some wonderful home
                                furnishings—that’s what he calls
                                them—that he’ll use to decorate his house when
                                he gets one. The most important thing for you to think about is how
                                beautiful his daughter is. He says she has no equal. I never saw a
                                woman except her and Sycorax, my mother. But Miranda is so much more
                                beautiful, you can’t even compare the two.Is she really that wonderful?Yes, my lord. She’ll look good in your bed, and
                                she’ll produce some fine children too.Monster, I’ll kill this man. His daughter and I will be
                                king and queen—God protect us!—and you and
                                Trinculo will be our governors.—Do you like that idea,
                                Trinculo?Excellent.Give me your hand. I’m sorry I hit you. But try to
                                control your speech.In a half an hour he’ll be asleep. Will you kill him
                                then?