Will be here with mop and mow.Do you love me, master, no?Dearly my delicate Ariel. Do not approachTill thou dost hear me call.    Well, I
                            conceive.
(to
                                FERDINAND) Look thou be true. Do not
                                give dallianceToo much the rein. The strongest oaths are strawTo th' fire i' th' blood. Be more
                                abstemious,Or else, goodnight your vow.     I
                                warrant you, sir,The white cold virgin snow upon my heartAbates the ardor of my liver.     Well.—Now come, my Ariel! Bring a corollary,Rather than want a spirit. Appear and pertly!—No tongue. All eyes! Be silent.Ceres, most bounteous lady, thy rich leasOf wheat, rye, barley, vetches, oats, and peas;Thy turfy mountains, where live nibbling sheep,And flat meads thatched with stover, them to keep;Thy banks with pionèd and twillèd
                            brims,#LBSFORGOLDTripping over his own toes, making funny faces.Do you love me, master? No?I love you dearly, Ariel. Don’t come near till you hear
                                me call you.All right, I understand.
(to
                                FERDINAND) Make sure you behave
                                honorably. Don’t go too far with her. If you let yourself
                                get stirred up, you’ll forget your promise of good
                                behavior. Calm yourself down or you’ll forget your
                            vow.I assure you, sir, the tender love I feel in my heart is stronger
                                than the sexual passions stirring down below.Good.—Now come, Ariel! Better to have an extra servant
                                on hand than be understaffed. Appear before me now
                                quickly—No talking. Just watch! Be quiet.I am the rainbow-bearing messenger sent by my mistress
                                Juno—the Queen of the Sky. I have come to announce that
                                Juno has asked you, Ceres, goddess of the fields and the earth, to
                                leave your rich farms of wheat, rye, barley, oats, and peas, the
                                hills where the