
(sings)
 Earth’s increase,
                                    foison plenty, Barns and garners never
                                empty, Vines and clustering bunches
                                    growing, Plants with goodly burden
                                    bowing— Spring come to you at the
                                    farthest
 In the very end of
                                harvest. Scarcity and want shall shun
                                    you. Ceres' blessing so
                                    is on you.This is a most majestic vision, andHarmonious charmingly. May I be boldTo think these spirits?     Spirits,
                                which by mine artI have from their confines called to enactMy present fancies.    Let me live here
                                ever.So rare a wondered father and a wifeMakes this place paradise.     Sweet
                                now, silence.Juno and Ceres whisper seriously.There’s something else to do. Hush and be mute,Or else our spell is marred.You nymphs, called naiads of the windring brooks,With your sedged crowns and ever-harmless looks,Leave your crisp channels and on this green landAnswer your summons, Juno does command.#LBSFORGOLD
(singing)
 Growing crops and large
                                    harvests, Barns and silos full of
                                grain, Vines heavy with clustered
                                    grapes, Plants straining under their
                                    fruit—
 May spring follow directly
                                    autumn’s harvest, With none of
                                    winter’s hardships to endure, You will have plenty and want
                                    nothing, Ceres’s blessings on
                                    you.
This is a majestic and harmonious vision. Are these spirits we see
                                before us?Yes, they’re spirits that I’ve called out of
                                their prisons to perform my whims.Let me live here forever. Such a wonderful father-in-law and wife
                                make this place a paradise.Now be quiet. Juno and Ceres are whispering about something
                                serious. There’s something else to be done. Be silent, or
                                else my magic spell will be broken.You nymphs who live in the wandering brooks, with seaweed crowns
                                and innocent looks, step out of the water and come join us here on
                                this grassy field. Juno