And like the baseless fabric of this vision,The cloud-capped towers, the gorgeous palaces,The solemn temples, the great globe itself—Yea, all which it inherit—shall dissolve,And like this insubstantial pageant faded,Leave not a rack behind. We are such stuffAs dreams are made on, and our little lifeIs rounded with a sleep. Sir, I am vexed.Bear with my weakness. My old brain is troubled.Be not disturbed with my infirmity.If you be pleased, retire into my cellAnd there repose. A turn or two I’ll walkTo still my beating mind.We wish your peace.Come with a thought. I thank thee, Ariel. Come.Thy thoughts I cleave to. What’s thy pleasure?      Spirit,We must prepare to meet with Caliban.Ay, my commander. When I presented Ceres,I thought to have told thee of it, but I fearedLest I might anger thee.Say again, where didst thou leave these varlets?#LBSFORGOLDand ungrounded vision you’ve seen, with its towers
                                topped with clouds, its gorgeous palaces, solemn temples, the world
                                itself—and everyone living in it—which will
                                dissolve just as this illusory pageant has dissolved, leaving not
                                even a wisp of cloud behind. We are all made of dreams, and our life
                                stretches from sleep before birth to sleep after death. Sir,
                                I’m upset. Please put up with my weakness. My old brain
                                is troubled. Don’t be disturbed by my illness. If you
                                like, you can rest a while in my room. I’ll go for a
                                short walk to calm down my feverish mind.We hope you feel better and find some peace.Come, Ariel—I summon you with a thought. Thank you,
                                Ariel. Come.I obey all your thoughts. What do you wish?Spirit, we have to get ready to meet with Caliban.Yes, my master. When I was putting on the Ceres show, I thought of
                                reminding you about Caliban, but I was afraid of upsetting
                            you.Tell me again, where did you leave those lowlifes?