I told you, sir, they were red-hot with drinking,So full of valor that they smote the airFor breathing in their faces, beat the groundFor kissing of their feet—yet always bendingTowards their project. Then I beat my tabor,At which, like unbacked colts, they pricked their ears,Advanced their eyelids, lifted up their nosesAs they smelt music. So I charmed their earsThat, calflike, they my lowing followed throughToothed briers, sharp furzes, pricking gorse, and thorns,Which entered their frail shins. At last I left themI' th' filthy-mantled pool beyond your cell,There dancing up to th' chins, that the foul lakeO'erstunk their feet.    This was well
                                done, my bird.Thy shape invisible retain thou still.The trumpery in my house, go bring it hitherFor stale to catch these thieves.     I go,
                                I go.A devil, a born devil on whose natureNurture can never stick, on whom my pains,Humanely taken, all, all lost, quite lost.And as with age his body uglier grows,So his mind cankers. I will plague them all,Even to roaring.Come, hang them on this line.#LBSFORGOLDI told you, sir, they were totally drunk, so puffed up with
                                courage that they were getting angry at the air for blowing in their
                                faces, and beating the ground for touching their feet—yet
                                even when drunk, they kept their plan firmly in mind. Then I beat my
                                drum, at which point they pricked up their ears and opened their
                                eyes, looking around for the source of my music. I enchanted them so
                                thoroughly that they followed me through thorn bushes and prickly
                                shrubs that tore up their shins. In the end I left them standing in
                                the smelly pond behind your room, with the stinking water covering
                                them up to their chins.Good job, my little one. Stay invisible. Bring the fancy clothes
                                out of my house, to use as bait to catch these thieves.I’m going, I’m going.He’s a devil, a born devil, who can never be trained.
                                All my attempts to help him, undertaken with the best intentions,
                                have been wasted. As his body grows uglier with age, his mind rots
                                away as well. I’ll torment them all till they roar with
                                pain.Here, hang them on this clothesline.