Pray you, tread softly, that the blind mole may not hear a
foot fall. We now are near his cell.
Monster, your fairy, which you say is a harmless fairy, has
done little better than played the jack with us.
Monster, I do smell all horse piss, at which my nose is in
great indignation.
So is mine.—Do you hear, monster? If I should take a
displeasure against you, look you—
Thou wert but a lost monster.Good my lord, give me thy favor still.Be patient, for the prize I’ll bring thee toShall hoodwink this mischance. Therefore speak softly.All’s hushed as midnight yet.Ay, but to lose our bottles in the pool—There is not only disgrace and dishonor in that, monster,
but an infinite loss.
That’s more to me than my wetting. Yet this is your
harmless fairy, monster.
I will fetch off my bottle, though I be o'er ears for
                                my labor.#LBSFORGOLDPlease walk softly, so not even a mole hears us approach.
                                We’re near his room now.Hey monster, the spirit you’ve been talking about, the
                                one you call harmless, has been playing tricks on us.Monster, I smell like horse piss, which is making my nose pretty
                                upset.Mine too.—Are you listening, monster? If I decide to
                                get angry at you, just watch out—You’d be done for then, monster.My good lord, I still need you to like me. Be patient, because the
                                prize I’m leading you to will make you forget how smelly
                                you are now. So be quiet. It’s as silent as a graveyard
                                here.All right, but I can’t get over how we lost our wine
                                bottles in the pond—Yes, monster, it’s worse than the disgrace of getting
                                drenched and smelly. We lost more than our honor when we lost our
                                wine.That upsets me much more than getting wet. And you called the
                                fairy creature harmless, monster.I’ll get my bottle back if it’s the last
                                thing I do.