Prithee, my king, be quiet. Seest thou here,This is the mouth o' th' cell. No noise, and
                                enter.Do that good mischief which may make this islandThine own for ever, and I, thy Caliban,For aye thy foot-licker.Give me thy hand. I do begin to have bloody thoughts.
(seeing the apparel)
O King Stephano! O peer, O worthy Stephano, look what a
                                wardrobe here is for thee!Let it alone, thou fool. It is but trash.Oh, ho, monster, we know what belongs to a frippery.—
(puts on a gown) O King
                            Stephano!Put off that gown, Trinculo. By this hand, I’ll have
 that gown.
Thy grace shall have it.The dropsy drown this fool! What do you meanTo dote thus on such luggage? Let’s alone,And do the murder first. If he awake,From toe to crown he’ll fill our skins with pinches,Make us strange stuff.Be you quiet, monster.—Mistress line, is not this my
                                jerkin?
Now is the jerkin under the line.—Now, jerkin,
                                you
are like to lose your hair and prove a bald jerkin.
#LBSFORGOLDPlease, my king, be quiet. Look here, this is the entrance to his
                                room. Be silent and go in. Do the deed that will make this island
                                yours forever, and will make me, Caliban, your worshipful
                                foot-licker.Give me your hand. I’m starting to feel murderous
                                urges.
(seeing the clothes) Oh, King
                                Stephano! Worthy Stephano, look at the fabulous wardrobe waiting for
                                you here!Leave it alone, you fool. It’s worthless.Oh, monster, we know secondhand clothes when we see
                                them.—(he puts on one of the
                                    gowns)
                                Oh, King Stephano!Take off that gown, Trinculo. I swear that gown’s for
                                me.You can have it then, your highness.To hell with this idiot! Why are you going crazy over these trashy
                                clothes? Leave them alone, and do the murder first. If he wakes up
                                before we kill him, he’ll never stop punishing us.Shut up, monster.—Madame tree, is this jacket for me?
                                Thank you kindly. The tree’s lost its jacket.
                                (he takes a jacket hanging on the
                                    tree)—Now
                                the jacket might lose its fur trim and become a bald jacket.
                            Stephano makes an elaborate (and untranslatable) pun about the shirt being like a sailor who goes to the tropics and gets a venereal disease.
