Now does my project gather to a head.My charms crack not, my spirits obey, and timeGoes upright with his carriage. How’s the day?On the sixth hour, at which time, my lord,You said our work should cease.     I did
                                say soWhen first I raised the tempest. Say, my spirit,How fares the king and ’s followers?      Confined
                                togetherIn the same fashion as you gave in charge,Just as you left them, all prisoners, sir,In the line grove which weather-fends your cell.They cannot budge till your release. The king,His brother, and yours, abide all three distracted,And the remainder mourning over them,Brimful of sorrow and dismay. But chieflyHim that you termed, sir, “the good old Lord
                                Gonzalo,”His tears run down his beard like winter’s dropsFrom eaves of reeds. Your charm so strongly works 'emThat if you now beheld them, your affectionsWould become tender.    Dost thou think
                                so, spirit?Mine would, sir, were I human.#LBSFORGOLDMy plans are almost at their climax. My spells are working well,
                                my spirits are obeying me, and everything is right on schedule. What
                                time is it?It’s after six o'clock, my lord, when you
                                said our work would be finished.That’s what I said when I first conjured the tempest.
                                Tell me, spirit, how’s the king and his entourage?All cooped up together, just as you ordered, all imprisoned in the
                                grove of linden trees that protects your room from bad weather. They
                                can’t move till you release them. The king, his brother,
                                and your brother are all waiting there in a crazed state of mind,
                                and the rest are grieving over them, sad and astonished.
                                “Good old lord Gonzalo,” as you call him, is
                                saddest of all, with tears running down his beard. Your magic spell
                                has such an effect on them that if you saw them now,
                                you’d feel sorry for them.Do you think so, spirit?I’d feel sorry for them, if I were human.