To him you follow’st, I will pay thy gracesHome both in word and deed.—
(to
                                ALONSO)     Most
                                cruellyDidst thou, Alonso, use me and my daughter.Thy brother was a furtherer in the act.—
(to
                                SEBASTIAN) Thou art pinched for
                                ’t now, Sebastian.—
(to
                                ANTONIO)Flesh and blood,You brother mine, that entertained ambition,Expelled remorse and nature, whom, with Sebastian,Whose inward pinches therefore are most strong,Would here have killed your king—I do forgive thee,Unnatural though thou art.
(aside)     Their
                                understandingBegins to swell, and the approaching tideWill shortly fill the reasonable shoreThat now lies foul and muddy. Not one of themThat yet looks on me, or would know me.—
(to
                                ARIEL)      Ariel,Fetch me the hat and rapier in my cell.I will discase me, and myself presentAs I was sometime Milan. Quickly, spirit.Thou shalt ere long be free.
(sings and helps to attire
                                PROSPERO)
 Where the bee sucks, there suck
                                    I. In a cowslip’s bell
                                    I lie. There I couch when owls do
                                cry. On the bat’s back I
                                    do fly
 After summer merrily. Merrily, merrily shall I live
                                    now
 Under the blossom that hangs on
                                    the bough.Why, that’s my dainty Ariel. I shall miss thee,But yet thou shalt have freedom.—So, so,
                                so.—To the king’s ship, invisible as thou art.There shalt thou find the mariners asleep#LBSFORGOLD
(to
                                ALONSO) You, Alonso, manipulated me
                                and my daughter cruelly, and your brother helped
                                you.—(to
                                SEBASTIAN) You’re paying
                                the price for it now,
                                Sebastian.—(to
                                ANTONIO) My brother, you were so
                                greedy for power that you forgot natural compassion and our bond as
                                brothers, and were ready to kill your king—I forgive you,
                                though you’re a
                                monster.—(to himself) Look
                                at them, they’re starting to understand. Soon their
                                confused minds will clear up. But at this point not a single one of
                                them recognizes me.—(to
                                ARIEL) Ariel, get me my hat and sword
                                from my room. I’ll take off the clothes I’m
                                wearing now, and put on the ones I used to wear in
                                Milan.—Soon, spirit, you’ll be free.
(he sings and helps PROSPERO
                                dress)
 Where the bee drinks, I drink
                                    dew. I lie in the cup of a cowslip
                                    flower. I sleep there when the owls
                                    hoot. I fly on a bat’s
                                    back, following the summer around the
                                    globe. Happily, happily I will live
                                    now
 Under the blossom that hangs on
                                    the bough.Why, that’s my dainty Ariel singing now.
                                I’ll miss you, Ariel, but you’ll be
                                free.—Yes, you will, yes.—Go to the
                                king’s ship in your invisible state. There
                                you’ll find the sailors asleep below deck. Find the
                                Master and