    No more yet of
                                this,For ’tis a chronicle of day by day,Not a relation for a breakfast, norBefitting this first meeting.
(to
                                ALONSO)  Welcome,
                                sir.This cell’s my court. Here have I few attendantsAnd subjects none abroad. Pray you, look in.My dukedom since you have given me again,I will requite you with as good a thing,At least bring forth a wonder to content yeAs much as me my dukedom.
(to
                                FERDINAND) Sweet lord, you play me
                                false.No, my dearest love,I would not for the world.Yes, for a score of kingdoms you should wrangle,And I would call it fair play.     If
                                this proveA vision of the Island, one dear sonShall I twice lose.   A most high miracle!
(seeing ALONSO
                                and kneeling)
Though the seas threaten, they are merciful.I have cursed them without cause.#LBSFORGOLD
(to
                                ALONSO) Welcome, sir. This
                                room’s my royal court. I have hardly any servants and no
                                subjects outside this room. Please, have a look. Since
                                you’ve given my dukedom back to me, I’ll give
                                you something equally nice, or at least I’ll give you an
                                amazement to satisfy you as much as my dukedom satisfies me.
(to
                                FERDINAND) My sweet lord,
                                you’re cheating.No, my dearest love, I wouldn’t cheat you for the whole
                                world.Maybe not the whole world, but you’d cheat for twenty
                                kingdoms. But even then I’d still lie and say you were
                                playing by the rules.If this dream vision is typical of what this island conjures up,
                                then I’ll lose my son twice.A wonderful miracle!
(seeing ALONSO
                                and kneeling) The seas may threaten
                                us, but they show mercy sometimes too. I cursed them for no
                            reason.