      Now
                                all the blessingsOf a glad father, compass thee about.Arise, and say how thou camest here.      Oh,
                                wonder!How many goodly creatures are there here!How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world,That has such people in ’t!     'Tis
                                new to thee.
(to FERDINAND
                                )
What is this maid with whom thou wast at play?Your eld’st acquaintance cannot be three hours.Is she the goddess that hath severed usAnd brought us thus together?     Sir,
                                she is mortal.But by immortal providence, she’s mine.I chose her when I could not ask my fatherFor his advice, nor thought I had one. SheIs daughter to this famous Duke of Milan,Of whom so often I have heard renownBut never saw before, of whom I haveReceived a second life. And second fatherThis lady makes him to me.     I am
                                hers.But oh, how oddly will it sound that IMust ask my child forgiveness!     There,
                                sir, stop.Let us not burden our remembrances withA heaviness that’s gone.#LBSFORGOLDReceive all the blessings of a happy father. Get up and tell me
                                how you came here.How amazing! How many wonderful creatures there are here! Mankind
                                is so beautiful! Oh, what a wonderful new world, that has such
                                people in it!It’s new to you.
(to
                                FERDINAND) Who is this girl you were
                                playing chess with? You can’t have known her for more
                                than three hours. Is she the goddess that separated us and then
                                brought us back together?No, sir, she’s human. But by the grace of God,
                                she’s mine. I chose her for my wife when I thought I had
                                no father to ask advice of. She’s the daughter of this
                                famous Duke of Milan I heard so much about but never saw before.
                                He’s given me a second life, and marrying her makes him a
                                second father to me.And I’m her father as well. But oh, how odd it is to
                                have to ask for my child’s forgiveness!Stop right there, sir. Let’s not get gloomy in our
                                reminiscing, since there’s no reason for sadness
                            anymore.