    Ha, ha!What things are these, my lord Antonio?Will money buy 'em?    Very like. One of
                                themIs a plain fish, and no doubt marketable.Mark but the badges of these men, my lords,Then say if they be true.
(indicates
                                CALIBAN) This misshapen
                                knave,His mother was a witch, and one so strongThat could control the moon, make flows and ebbs,And deal in her command without her power.These three have robbed me, and this demi-devil—For he’s a bastard one—had plotted with themTo take my life. Two of these fellows youMust know and own. This thing of darkness IAcknowledge mine.I shall be pinched to death.Is not this Stephano, my drunken butler?He is drunk now. Where had he wine?And Trinculo is reeling ripe. Where should theyFind this grand liquor that hath gilded
                                'em?—How camest thou in this pickle?I have been in such a pickle since I saw you last that, I fear
me,
                                will never out of my bones. I shall not fear flyblowing.
Why, how now, Stephano?#LBSFORGOLDHa, ha! What are these things we’re looking at, my lord
                                Antonio? Can you buy them with money?Definitely. The one that looks like a fish is very
                            marketable.Take a look at their servants' name tags, my lords,
                                then tell me what they are.
                                (he points
                                at
                                CALIBAN) This misshapen monster, his
                                mother was a witch so powerful she could control the moon and the
                                tides. These three have robbed me, and this bastard half-devil
                                plotted with them to kill me. Two of these men you must recognize
                                and claim as your own. This evil monster I acknowledge is
                            mine.He’ll kill me with tortures.Isn’t this Stephano, my drunken butler?He’s definitely drunk now. Where did he get
                            wine?And Trinculo’s drunk. Where did they find the liquor to
                                get drunk on?—(to
                                TRINCULO) How did you get this
                            way?I’ve been so wasted since I saw you last that
                                I’m worried I’ll never be sober again. But at
                                least I won’t rot, being so full of alcohol.How are you doing, Stephano?