The mariners all under hatches stowed,Who, with a charm joined to their suffered labor,I have left asleep. And for the rest o' th'
                                fleet,Which I dispersed, they all have met againAnd are upon the Mediterranean float,Bound sadly home for Naples,Supposing that they saw the king’s ship wrackedAnd his great person perish.    Ariel, thy chargeExactly is performed. But there’s more work.What is the time o' th' day?    Past the mid
                                season.At least two glasses. The time ’twixt six and nowMust by us both be spent most preciously.Is there more toil? Since thou dost give me pains,Let me remember thee what thou hast promised,Which is not yet performed me.     How
                                now? Moody?What is ’t thou canst demand?     My
                                liberty.Before the time be out? No more!     I
                                prithee,Remember I have done thee worthy service,Told thee no lies, made thee no mistakings, servedWithout or grudge or grumblings. Thou didst promiseTo bate me a full year.#LBSFORGOLDThe sailors are all below deck, sleeping both from their labor and
                                from a magic spell I cast over them. As for the rest of the ships, I
                                scattered them, and they’ve gathered again in the
                                Mediterranean, sailing sadly home to Naples, believing that they
                                witnessed the shipwreck and death of their great king.Ariel, you’ve done your work exactly as I ordered. But
                                there’s more work to be done. What time is it?Past noon.At least two hours past. We can’t waste time between
                                now and six o'clock.Is there more work to do? Since you’re giving me new
                                assignments, let me remind you what you promised me but
                                haven’t come through with yet.What? You’re in a bad mood? What could you possibly ask
                                for?My freedom.Before your sentence has been completed? Don’t say
                                anything else.I beg you, remember the good work I’ve done for you,
                                and how I’ve never lied to you, never made mistakes, and
                                never grumbled in my work. You promised to take a full year off my
                                sentence.