Do you not hear him? You mar our labor. Keep your cabins.You do assist the storm.Nay, good, be patient.When the sea is. Hence! What cares these roarers for the name of
                                king? To cabin, silence! Trouble us not.Good, yet remember whom thou hast aboard.None that I more love than myself. You are a councilor. If you can
                                command these elements to silence and work the peace of the present,
                                we will not hand a rope more. Use your authority. If you cannot,
                                give thanks you have lived so long and make yourself ready in your
                                cabin for the mischance of the hour, if it so
                                hap.—Cheerly, good hearts!—Out of our way, I
                                say.I have great comfort from this fellow. Methinks he hath no
                                drowning mark upon him. His complexion is perfect gallows. Stand
                                fast, good Fate, to his hanging. Make the rope of his destiny our
                                cable, for our own doth little advantage. If he be not born to be
                                hanged, our case is miserable.#LBSFORGOLDHe’s busy, can’t you hear him giving orders?
                                You’re getting in the way of our work. Stay in your
                                cabins. You’re helping the storm, not us.Don’t get wound up, my good man.I’m only wound up because the sea’s wound
                                up. Now get out of here! Do you think these waves care anything
                                about kings and officials? Go to your cabins and be quiet!
                                Don’t bother us up here.Just remember who you’ve got on board with you, good
                                man.Nobody I care about more than myself. You’re a
                                king’s advisor. If you can order the storm to calm down,
                                we can all put down our ropes and rest. Go ahead, use your
                                authority. If you can’t do it, be grateful
                                you’ve lived this long and go wait to die in your cabin,
                                if it comes to that.—Harder, men!—Now get out
                                of our way, I’m telling you.I feel a lot better after talking to this guy. He
                                doesn’t look like a person who would drown—he
                                looks like he was born to be hangedGonzalo implies that the Boatswain looks and acts like a dangerous criminal.hanged. I hope he lives long enough to be hanged. The rope that
                                hangs him will do more good than all the ropes on this ship, since
                                it’ll guarantee he stays alive through this storm. But if
                                he’s not destined to die by hanging, then our chances
                                don’t look too good.