    Abhorrèd
                                slave,Which any print of goodness wilt not take,Being capable of all ill! I pitied thee,Took pains to make thee speak, taught thee each hourOne thing or other. When thou didst not, savage,Know thine own meaning, but wouldst gabble likeA thing most brutish, I endowed thy purposesWith words that made them known. But thy vile race,Though thou didst learn, had that in ’t which good
                                naturesCould not abide to be with. Therefore wast thouDeservedly confined into this rock,Who hadst deserved more than a prison.You taught me language, and my profit on ’tIs I know how to curse. The red plague rid youFor learning me your language!     Hag-seed,
                                hence!Fetch us in fuel. And be quick, thou 'rt best,To answer other business. Shrug’st thou, malice?If thou neglect’st or dost unwillinglyWhat I command, I’ll rack thee with old cramps,Fill all thy bones with aches, make thee roarThat beasts shall tremble at thy din.      No,
                                pray thee.
(aside) I must obey. His art is of
                                such power,It would control my dam’s god, Setebos,And make a vassal of him.    So, slave,
                            hence!#LBSFORGOLDYou horrid slave, you can’t be trained to be good, and
                                you’re capable of anything evil! I pitied you, worked
                                hard to teach you to speak, and taught you some new thing
                                practically every hour. When you didn’t know what you
                                were saying, and were babbling like an animal, I helped you find
                                words to make your point understandable. But you had bad blood in
                                you, no matter how much you learned, and good people
                                couldn’t stand to be near you. So you got what you
                                deserved, and were locked up in this cave, which is more fitting for
                                the likes of you than a prison would be.You taught me language, and all I can do with it is curse. Damn
                                you for teaching me your language!Get out of here, you son of a bitch! Bring us wood, and be quick
                                about it. Are you shrugging and making faces, you evil thing? If you
                                neglect my orders or do them grudgingly, I’ll double you
                                up with pains and cramps, and make all your bones ache, and make you
                                scream so loud that the wild animals will tremble when they hear
                                you.No, please. (to himself) I have to
                                obey. He’s got such strong magic powers that he could
                                conquer and enslave the god, Setebos, that my mother used to
                                worship.Go then, slave.