
(sings)
 Full fathom five thy father
                                    lies. Of his bones are coral
                                made. Those are pearls that were his
                                    eyes. Nothing of him that doth
                                fade, But doth suffer a
                                sea-change
 Into something rich and
                                strange. Sea-nymphs hourly ring his
                                    knell

(within) Ding-dong.Hark, now I hear them.
(within)  Ding-dong,
                                bell.The ditty does remember my drowned father.This is no mortal business, nor no soundThat the earth owes. I hear it now above me.
(to
                                MIRANDA) The fringèd
                                curtains of thine eye advanceAnd say what thou seest yond.    What is
                                ’t? A spirit?Lord, how it looks about! Believe me, sir,It carries a brave form. But ’tis a spirit.No, wench! It eats and sleeps and hath such sensesAs we have, such. This gallant which thou seestWas in the wrack. And, but he’s something stainedWith grief that’s beauty’s canker, thou
                                mightst call himA goodly person. He hath lost his fellowsAnd strays about to find 'em.#LBSFORGOLD
(singing)
 Your father lies five whole
                                fathoms1 fathom = 6 feetfathoms below, His bones have turned to coral
                                    now. His eyes have turned to
                                pearls. There’s nothing left
                                    of him, He’s undergone a
                                    complete sea change
 And become something rich and
                                    strange. Sea nymphs ring his death bell
                                    every hour.(refrain,
                            offstage)Ding-dong.Listen, I hear them.Ding dong, bell.This song’s about my dead father. It
                                couldn’t be sung by mere mortals. I hear it now
                            overhead.
(to
                                MIRANDA) Raise the curtains of your
                                eyelids and go take a peek at what you can see out there.What is it? A spirit? Lord, it’s glancing every which
                                way! How handsome it is. It must be a spirit.No, girl! It eats and sleeps and has the same five senses we do.
                                The gentleman you see now was in the shipwreck, and if he
                                weren’t a little spoiled by grief, which always ruins
                                good looks, you could call him handsome. He’s lost his
                                comrades and is wandering around looking for them.