    I might call himA thing divine, for nothing naturalI ever saw so noble.
(aside)    It
                                goes on, I see,As my soul prompts it.—Spirit, fine spirit!
                                I’ll free theeWithin two days for this.
(seeing
                                MIRANDA)  Most sure, the
                                goddessOn whom these airs attend!—Vouchsafe my prayerMay know if you remain upon this island,And that you will some good instruction giveHow I may bear me here. My prime request,Which I do last pronounce, is—O you wonder!—If you be maid or no.  No wonder, sir,But certainly a maid.  My language! Heavens,I am the best of them that speak this speech,Were I but where ’tis spoken.   How? The best?What wert thou if the King of Naples heard thee?A single thing, as I am now, that wondersTo hear thee speak of Naples. He does hear me,And that he does I weep. Myself am Naples,Who with mine eyes, never since at ebb, beheldThe king my father wracked.   Alack, for mercy!#LBSFORGOLDI could imagine he’s divine, since I never saw anything
                                so noble-looking on earth before.
(to himself) It’s all
                                happening according to plan, just as my soul wanted it to happen.
                                (to
                                ARIEL) Spirit, you fine spirit,
                                I’ll set you free in two days for doing such a good job
                                here.
(seeing
                                MIRANDA) This must surely be the
                                goddess that the music is being played for!—Please, I beg
                                you to answer me, tell me if you live on this island, and tell me
                                how I should behave here. My main question, which I save for the
                                last, is—Oh, you marvelous creature!—are you a
                                maiden or a goddess?I’m not marvelous, sir, but I’m certainly a
                                maiden.She speaks my language! My God, I’m the highest-ranking
                                person who speaks this language—if only we were back
                                where it’s spoken.What’s that? The highest-ranking? What would the King
                                of Naples do if he heard you say that?He would just see me for what I am, a person amazed to hear you
                                talking about Naples. He does hear me, and that makes me cry. I
                                myself am the King of Naples, since I saw with my own
                                eyes—these eyes that haven’t been dry
                                since—my father killed in a shipwreck.Ah, how pitiful!