There’s nothing ill can dwell in such a temple.If the ill spirit have so fair a house,Good things will strive to dwell with ’t.
(to
                                FERDINAND)   Follow
                                me.
(to
                                MIRANDA) Speak not you for him.
                                He’s a traitor.
(to
                                FERDINAND)   
                                Come,I’ll manacle thy neck and feet together.Seawater shalt thou drink. Thy food shall beThe fresh-brook mussles, withered roots, and husksWherein the acorn cradled. Follow.    No.I will resist such entertainment tillMine enemy has more power.     O dear
                                father,Make not too rash a trial of him, forHe’s gentle and not fearful.    What, I say?My foot my tutor?—Put thy sword up, traitor,Who makest a show but darest not strike, thy conscienceIs so possessed with guilt. Come from thy ward,For I can here disarm thee with this stickAnd make thy weapon drop.     Beseech
                                you, father.Hence! Hang not on my garments.#LBSFORGOLDA man as handsome as that can’t have anything evil in
                                him. If the devil had such a beautiful house as his body, then good
                                things would fight to live in it.
(to
                                FERDINAND) Follow me.
                                (to
                                MIRANDA) Don’t defend him.
                                He’s a traitor. (to
                                FERDINAND) Come on, I’ll
                                chain your neck and feet together, and I’ll give you sea
                                water to drink. Your food will be slugs, dry roots, and acorn
                                shells. Come on.No, I’ll have to decline that offer—at least
                                as long as I’m stronger than you are.Oh, dear father, don’t judge him too quickly.
                                He’s a good man, and brave too.What’s that? The daughter knows more than the
                                father?—Put away your sword, traitor. You make quite a
                                show there, but you’re too scared to strike at me, since
                                you feel too guilty. Get out of that position, because I can disarm
                                you with my magic wand and make your sword drop.Please, father, I beg you.Let go of me! Don’t tug on my clothes.