    Foul
                            weather?      Very
                                foul.Had I plantation of this isle, my lord—He’d sow ’t with nettle seed.     Or
                                docks, or mallows.And were the king on ’t, what would I do?'Scape being drunk for want of wine.I' th' commonwealth I would by contrariesExecute all things. For no kind of trafficWould I admit. No name of magistrate.Letters should not be known. Riches, poverty,And use of service—none. Contract, succession,Bourn, bound of land, tilth, vineyard—none.No use of metal, corn, or wine, or oil.No occupation. All men idle, all.And women too, but innocent and pure.No sovereignty—    Yet he would be
                                king on ’t.The latter end of his commonwealth forgets the beginning.All things in common nature should produceWithout sweat or endeavor. Treason, felony,Sword, pike, knife, gun, or need of any engine,Would I not have. But nature should bring forthOf its own kind all foison, all abundance,To feed my innocent people.#LBSFORGOLDBad times?Yes, very bad.If I could colonize this island, my lord—He’d cultivate weeds on it.Or thorn-bushes.And if I were king of it, you know what I’d do?He wouldn’t get drunk much, since there’s no
                                wine here.In my kingdom I’d do everything differently from the
                                way it’s usually done. I wouldn’t allow any
                                commerce. There’d be no officials or administrators.
                                There’d be no schooling or literature. There’d
                                be no riches, no poverty, and no servants—none. No
                                contracts or inheritance laws; no division of the land into private
                                farms, no metal-working, agriculture, or vineyards.There’d be no work. Men would have nothing to do, and
                                women also—but they’d be innocent and pure.
                                There’d be no kingship—He wants to be king in a place with no kingship.Yes, he’s getting a bit confused.Everything would be produced without labor, and would be shared by
                                all. There’d be no treason, crimes, or weapons. Nature
                                would produce its harvests in abundance, to feed my innocent
                            people.