No marrying ’mong his subjects?None, man. All idle. Whores and knaves.I would with such perfection govern, sir,T' excel the Golden Age.    'Save
                                his majesty!Long live Gonzalo!
(to
                                ALONSO)
                                    And—do
                                you mark me, sir?Prithee, no more. Thou dost talk nothing to me.I do well believe your highness, and did it to minister occasion
                                to these gentlemen, who are of such sensible and nimble lungs that
                                they always use to laugh at nothing.'Twas you we laughed at.Who in this kind of merry fooling am nothing to you. So you may
                                continue and laugh at nothing still.What a blow was there given!An it had not fallen flat-long.You are gentlemen of brave mettle. You would lift the moon out of
                                her sphere if she would continue in it five weeks without
                            changing.#LBSFORGOLDThere’d be no marriage?No. Everyone would have nothing to do. They’d all be
                                whores and slackers.I would rule so perfectly that my country would outshine the
                                Golden Age they had in ancient times.Long live his Majesty!All hail Gonzalo!
(to
                                ALONSO) Are you listening to me,
                            sir?Oh, please be quiet. You’re spouting empty
                            words.You’re absolutely right, your highness. I talked like
                                that to give these gentlemen here a chance to have a good laugh.
                                They love to laugh at empty words.It’s you we were laughing at.But from your perspective I don’t matter, so
                                I’m just an empty nobody for you. Go ahead and laugh at
                                my empty words some more.Ouch, what a comeback!He sure did. Too bad it fell flat.You’re brave gentlemen. You’d give the moon
                                a shove if it got stuck five weeks in its orbit.