Should not upbraid our course. For all the rest,They’ll take suggestion as a cat laps milk.They’ll tell the clock to any business thatWe say befits the hour.    Thy case, dear
                                friend,Shall be my precedent. As thou got’st Milan,I’ll come by Naples. Draw thy sword. One strokeShall free thee from the tribute which thou payest.And I the king shall love thee.    Draw together.And when I rear my hand, do you the like,To fall it on Gonzalo.    O, but one word.
(speaks quietly to
                                ANTONIO)

(to
                                GONZALO) My master through his art
                                foresees the dangerThat you, his friend, are, and sends me forth—For else his project dies—to keep them living.
(sings in GONZALO
                                ’s ear)
 While you here do snoring
                                lie, Open-eyed conspiracy
 His time doth take. If of life you keep a
                                care, Shake off slumber and
                                beware. Awake, awake!
#LBSFORGOLDfor the other men, we can make them believe anything we choose.
                                They’ll set their watches to whatever time we say.You’ll be my role model. Just as you got Milan,
                                I’ll get Naples. Take out your sword. With one cut you
                                can be through paying money to Naples. And as king I’ll
                                love you forever.You take out your sword too. When I raise my hand, you do the
                                same, and bring it down on Gonzalo’s head.Oh, but there’s one more thing to tell you.
                                (he speaks quietly to
                                ANTONIO)

(to
                                GONZALO) With his magic powers my
                                master can see the dangers that you are in, my friend. So he sent me
                                to make sure these men survive—and to guarantee his plans
                                succeed. (sings in GONZALO
                                ’s ear)
 While you lie here
                                snoring,
 Men are plotting against
                                you.
 If you want to stay
                                alive,
 Wake up and beware.
 Wake up, wake
                            up!
