Then let us both be sudden.
(waking and seeing them)
Now, good angels preserve the king!
(waking) Why, how now? Ho,
                            awake!    Why are you drawn?Wherefore this ghastly looking?What’s the matter?Whiles we stood here securing your repose,Even now, we heard a hollow burst of bellowingLike bulls, or rather lions. Did ’t not wake you?It struck mine ear most terribly.    I heard
                            nothing.Oh, ’twas a din to fright a monster’s ear,To make an earthquake! Sure, it was the roarOf a whole herd of lions.    Heard you this,
                                Gonzalo?Upon mine honor, sir, I heard a humming,And that a strange one too, which did awake me.I shaked you, sir, and cried. As mine eyes opened,I saw their weapons drawn. There was a noise,That’s verily. 'Tis best we stand upon our
                                guard,Or that we quit this place. Let’s draw our
                            weapons.#LBSFORGOLDLet’s act quickly.
(waking and seeing them) God help
                                the king! Save him!
(waking up) Hey, what’s
                                this, what’s going on? Wake up! Why are your swords out? Why do you look like that?What’s this all about?While we were here guarding you as you slept, we heard a loud roar
                                that sounded like bulls, or lions. Didn’t you hear it? We
                                heard it very clearly.I didn’t hear anything.Oh, it was a monstrous roar, to make the earth tremble!
                                I’m sure there was a herd of lions nearby.Did you hear this, Gonzalo?It’s true I heard a humming sound, a strange one, which
                                woke me up. I shook you and shouted at you, sir. When I opened my
                                eyes, I saw their swords out. There was a noise, that’s
                                certainly true. We should either be on guard here constantly or move
                                to a different camp. Let’s draw our own swords
                            too.