What have we here? A man or a fish? Dead or alive? A fish. He
                                smells like a fish, a very ancient and fish-like smell, a kind of
                                not-of-the-newest poor-john. A strange fish! Were I in England now,
                                as once I was, and had but this fish painted, not a holiday fool
                                there but would give a piece of silver. There would this monster
                                make a man. Any strange beast there makes a man. When they will not
                                give a doit to relieve a lame beggar, they will lay out ten to see a
                                dead Indian. Legged like a man and his fins like arms! Warm,
                                o' my troth. I do now let loose my opinion, hold it no
                                longer: this is no fish, but an islander that hath lately suffered
                                by a thunderbolt.Alas, the storm is come again! My best way is to creep under his
                                gaberdine. There is no other shelter hereabouts. Misery acquaints a
                                man with strange bedfellows. I will here shroud till the dregs of
                                the storm be past.
(crawls under gaberdine)

(sings)
 I shall no more to sea, to
                                sea, Here shall I die
                                ashore—This is a very scurvy tune to sing at a man’s funeral.Well, here’s my comfort.
                                (drinks, sings)
 The master, the swabber, the
                                    boatswain, and I, The gunner and his mate
 Loved Mall, Meg, and Marian,
                                    and Margery, But none of us cared for
                                Kate. For she had a tongue with a
                                    tang,#LBSFORGOLDWhat do we have here, a man or a fish? Whew, he stinks like a
                                fish—an old salted fish, not a fresh-caught one. A
                                strange fish. If I were in England now, like I was once, and I had
                                even a painted picture of this fish, every fool there would give me
                                a piece of silver to look at it. In England this strange monster
                                would be just like a man. Any strange beast there can be considered
                                a man. The men there won’t give a penny to a lame beggar,
                                but they’ll pay ten cents to look at a freak show
                                exhibit. This guy has legs like a man but fins for arms! And
                                he’s still warm, by God. I guess this is not a fish, but
                                a native who got struck by lightning just now.Oh, here comes the storm again. The best thing to do is crawl
                                under his cloak. There’s no other shelter around here. In
                                emergencies you meet the strangest folks. I’ll just stay
                                here till the storm passes.
                                (he crawls
                                under
                                CALIBAN
                                ’s
                                cloak)

(sings)
 I’ll never go to sea
                                    again,
 I’ll die here on
                                    shore—
This is a rotten song to sing at a man’s funeral. At
                                least I’ve got some booze to comfort me.
                                (he drinks and sings)
 The master, the deck-washer,
                                    the boatswain, and I,
 The gunman and his
                                friend,
 We loved Moll, Meg, Marian, and
                                    Margery
 But none of us cared for
                                Kate.
 Kate had a gutter
                                mouth,
