 Would cry to a sailor,
                                    “Go hang!”
 She loved not the savor of tar
                                    nor of pitch, Yet a tailor might scratch her
                                    where'er she did itch. Then to sea, boys, and let her
                                    go hang!
 This is a scurvy tune too. But
                                    here’s my comfort.Do not torment me. Oh!What’s the matter? Have we devils here? Do you put
                                tricks upon ’s with savages and men of Ind, ha? I have
                                not ’scaped drowning to be afeard now of your four legs.
                                Or it hath been said, “As proper a man as ever went on
                                four legs cannot make him give ground,” and it shall be
                                said so again while Stephano breathes at'
                            nostrils.The spirit torments me. Oh!This is some monster of the isle with four legs who hath got, as I
                                take it, an ague. Where the devil should he learn our language? I
                                will give him some relief if it be but for that. If I can recover
                                him and keep him tame and get to Naples with him, he’s a
                                present for any emperor that ever trod on neat’s
                            leather.Do not torment me, prithee. I’ll bring my wood home
faster.
He’s in his fit now and does not talk after the wisest.
                                He shall taste of my bottle. If he have never drunk wine afore, it
                                will go near to remove his fit. If I can recover him and keep him
                                tame, I will not take too much for him. He shall pay for him that
                                hath him, and that soundly.#LBSFORGOLD
And would shout to sailors, “Go to
                                    hell!”
 She didn’t like ship
                                    smells like tar,
 But liked it okay when a tailor
                                    took her to bed. So go to sea, boys, and let her
                                    go to hell!
 That’s a rotten song
                                    too. But here’s something to comfort
                            me.
Don’t hurt me. Oh!What’s going on? Do we have devils on the island? Are
                                you playing tricks on me by showing me savages and uncivilized men
                                from the Indies, ha? I didn’t survive a shipwreck so I
                                could be scared of your four legs now. I’ll never run
                                away from any ordinary man who walks on four legs like the rest of us.Stephano speaks nonsense because he is drunk.
The spirit is torturing me. Oh!This is some monster of the island, with four legs, who seems to
                                me to have some kind of ache. How the hell does he know our
                                language? I’ll help out, if only because he speaks the
                                same language as me. If I can cure him from his fever and tame him,
                                and get him back to Naples, he’d make a great present for
                                any emperor.Don’t hurt me, please. I promise I’ll carry
                                the wood faster.He’s having a fit and talking nonsense. I’ll
                                give him some liquor. If he’s never drunk it before,
                                it’ll help soothe his fever. If I can tame him,
                                I’ll charge as much as I can get for him.
                                He’ll bring a lot of money to the person who owns him,
                                that’s for sure.