I hold your dainties cheap, sir, and your welcome dear.O Signior Balthasar, either at flesh or fishA table full of welcome make scarce one dainty dish.Good meat, sir, is common; that every churl affords.And welcome more common, for that’s nothing but words.Small cheer and great welcome makes a merry feast.Ay, to a niggardly host and more sparing guest.But though my cates be mean, take them in good part.Better cheer may you have, but not with better heart.But soft! My door is lock’d. (to DROMIO) Go, bid them let us in.Maud, Bridget, Marian, Ciceley, Gillian, Ginn!
(within) Mome, malt-horse, capon, coxcomb, idiot, patch!Either get thee from the door or sit down at the hatch.Dost thou conjure for wenches, that thou call’st for such storeWhen one is one too many? Go, get thee from the door.What patch is made our porter? My master stays in
the street.

(within) Let him walk from whence he came, lest he catch cold on ’s feet.Who talks within there? Ho, open the door.#LBSFORGOLDYour delicacies aren’t worth as much to me as your welcome is.Signior Balthasar, all the welcome in the world can’t compare to a good meal, whatever kind of food it might be.Good food’s not a big deal—everyone can afford that.And everyone can say “welcome,” which is just a word.A little food and a huge welcome makes a joyous feast.Sure, to a cheap host and an even cheaper guest. But look, even if my dishes are poor, eat them with my best wishes. You may come across better food, but not a warmer welcome. What’s this? My door is locked. (to DROMIO) Tell them to let us in.Maud, Bridget, Marian, Ciceley, Gillian, Ginn!
(from offstage) Dope, moron, eunuch, fool, idiot, clown! Either get away from the door or sit yourself down there! What, are you trying to summon women with your spells—is that why you’re calling out so many names? Isn’t one enough for you? Get away with you!What clown did they hire as the new doorkeeper? My master is standing out in the street!
(from offstage) Then he should go back where he came from so he doesn’t catch a cold.Who’s in there? Hey, open the door!