“Your meat doth burn,” quoth I. “My gold,” quoth he.“Will you come?” quoth I. “My gold,” quoth he.“Where is the thousand marks I gave thee, villain?”“The pig,” quoth I, “is burned.” “My gold,” quoth he.“My mistress, sir,” quoth I. “Hang up thy mistress!I know not thy mistress. Out on thy mistress!”Quoth who?Quoth my master.“I know,” quoth he, “no house, no wife, no mistress.”So that my errand, due unto my tongue,I thank him, I bare home upon my shoulders,For, in conclusion, he did beat me there.Go back again, thou slave, and fetch him home.Go back again and be new beaten home?For God’s sake, send some other messenger.Back, slave, or I will break thy pate across.And he will bless that cross with other beating.Between you, I shall have a holy head.Hence, prating peasant! Fetch thy master home.Am I so round with you as you with me,That like a football you do spurn me thus?You spurn me hence, and he will spurn me hither.If I last in this service, you must case me in leather.Fie, how impatience loureth in your face.#LBSFORGOLD“My gold,” he said. “Where’s the thousand marks I gave you, scoundrel?” “The pig,” I said, “is burned.” “My gold,” he said. “My mistress,” I said. “Damn your mistress! I don’t know your mistress, the hell with your mistress!”Who said that?My master said it. “I don’t know,” he said, “any house, wife, or mistress.” My message, which was supposed to be delivered with my mouth, ended up being carried back home by my shoulders. Because at the end of it all, that’s where he beat me.Go back again, slave, and bring him home.Go back again, to be beaten home again? For God’s sake, send somebody else.Go back, slave, or I’ll knock you one across the head.And he’ll add another knock across. With all these crosses, I’ll have a holy head.Get out of here, you blathering peasant! Bring your master home.Do I treat you this roundly? You’re kicking me around like I’m a football. You kick me out, he kicks me back. If I keep working for you, I’m going to end up wrapped in leather, like a football.Look at you! You have impatience all over your face.