Mistress, respice finem, respect your end, or rather, the prophecy like the parrot, “Beware the rope’s end.”Wilt thou still talk? (beats DROMIO OF EPHESUS)
How say you now? Is not your husband mad?His incivility confirms no less.—Good Doctor Pinch, you are a conjurer;Establish him in his true sense again,And I will please you what you will demand.Alas, how fiery and how sharp he looks!Mark how he trembles in his ecstasy.Give me your hand, and let me feel your pulse.There is my hand, and let it feel your ear. (strikes PINCH)
I charge thee, Satan, housed within this man,To yield possession to my holy prayersAnd to thy state of darkness hie thee straight.I conjure thee by all the saints in heaven.Peace, doting wizard, peace. I am not mad.O, that thou wert not, poor distressèd soul!You minion, you, are these your customers?Did this companion with the saffron faceRevel and feast it at my house todayWhilst upon me the guilty doors were shutAnd I denied to enter in my house?#LBSFORGOLDMistress, think about your end—beware of your death! Or as the parrot says: “Beware of the rope’s end,” and watch out for a hanging.Are you going to keep talking? (beats DROMIO OFEPHESUS)
Now what do you think? Your husband’s mad, isn’t he?This terrible behavior proves it. Doctor Pinch, you’re an exorcist. If you can bring him back to his senses, I’ll pay you whatever you demand.Alas, how passionate and angry he looks!Look! He’s trembling in his fit!Give me your hand. Let me take your pulse.Here’s my hand. Let it feel your ear. (he strikes PINCH)
Satan! You are living inside this man! I order you to release him through my prayers and to return immediately to the darkness you came from. I demand this in the name of all the saints in heaven.Shut up, you doddering old wizard! I’m not possessed!Oh, I wish you weren’t, you poor, frightened soul.Listen, hussy—is this man one of your customers? Did this fool with the yellow face feast and celebrate in my house today while the guilty doors shut in my face and locked me out of my own house?