I, sir? I never saw her till this time.Villain, thou liest; for even her very wordsDidst thou deliver to me on the mart.I never spake with her in all my life.How can she thus then call us by our names—Unless it be by inspiration?How ill agrees it with your gravityTo counterfeit thus grossly with your slave,Abetting him to thwart me in my mood.Be it my wrong you are from me exempt,But wrong not that wrong with a more contempt.Come, I will fasten on this sleeve of thine.Thou art an elm, my husband, I a vine,Whose weakness, married to thy stronger state,Makes me with thy strength to communicate.If aught possess thee from me, it is dross,Usurping ivy, brier, or idle moss,Who, all for want of pruning, with intrusionInfect thy sap and live on thy confusion.To me she speaks; she moves me for her theme.What, was I married to her in my dream?Or sleep I now and think I hear all this?What error drives our eyes and ears amiss?Until I know this sure uncertaintyI’ll entertain the offered fallacy.Dromio, go bid the servants spread for dinner.O, for my beads! I cross me for a sinner.This is the fairy land. O spite of spites!#LBSFORGOLDMe, sir? I never saw her till now.You liar! You said those exact things to me back in the marketplace.I never talked with her in my life.Then how does she know our names? By magic?How distasteful! That a man of your stature would scheme with his servant to upset me like this. It may be my fault that you’ve been avoiding me, but don’t make things worse by treating me with contempt as well. I’ll hang on your sleeve: you’re an elm tree, my husband, and I’m a vine. My weakness is enhanced by your strength, which gives me the strength to say this: the things that take you away from me are worthless—just overgrown weeds in need of a trimming. They get into your system and infect you, feeding off your confusion.She’s talking to me. She’s talking about me. What, was I married to her in a dream? Or am I asleep now and imagining all this? What is making our eyes and ears act so strangely? Until I know for sure, I’ll humor her.Dromio, tell the servants to prepare for lunch.Oh, I wish I had my rosary! I’ll cross myself. This must be some kind of fairyland. Oh, spite of spites! We’re