O, sir, upon her nose, all o'er-embellished with rubies,
carbuncles, sapphires, declining their rich aspect to the hot
breath of Spain, who sent whole armadas of caracks to be
ballast at her nose.
Where stood Belgia, the Netherlands?O, sir, I did not look so low. To conclude: this drudge or
diviner laid claim to me, call’d me Dromio, swore I was
assured to her, told me what privy marks I had about me, as
the mark of my shoulder, the mole in my neck, the great wart
on my left arm, that I, amazed, ran from her as a witch.
And, I think, if my breast had not been made of faith, and my
heart of steel,
She had transformed me to a curtal dog and made me turn i' th' wheel.
Go, hie thee presently. Post to the road.An if the wind blow any way from shore,I will not harbor in this town tonight.If any bark put forth, come to the mart,Where I will walk till thou return to me.If every one knows us, and we know none,'Tis time, I think, to trudge, pack, and be gone.As from a bear a man would run for life,So fly I from her that would be my wife.There’s none but witches do inhabit here,And therefore ’tis high time that I were hence.She that doth call me husband, even my soulDoth for a wife abhor. But her fair sister,Possessed with such a gentle sovereign grace,#LBSFORGOLDOh, sir, on her nose, which is covered with pimples, sores, and red welts. It points straight down at her mouth, which catches everything that drips from it.
exotic jewelsIn Shakespeare’s time, America and the West Indies were known for having exotic jewels.exotic jewels
Where’s Belgium and the NetherlandsThe Netherlands were known as the “Low Countries.”Netherlands
?Oh, sir, I didn’t look down there. In conclusion, this witch said I was hers. She called me Dromio and swore I’d promised to marry her. She knew private things about my body, like the birthmark on my shoulder, the mole on my neck, and the huge wart on my left arm. I was terrified, and I ran away from her as if she were a witch. And I think that if I hadn’t been brave and strong, she would have turned me into a dog and made me her slave.Get going—hustle over to the port. If there’s enough wind for a ship to sail out tonight, I won’t spend tonight in this town. If a ship’s leaving, come to the marketplace. I’ll wait there for you. If everyone here knows us but we don’t know anybody, it’s time, I think, for us to pack our bags and take off.I’ll run from this woman who claims to be my wife as fast as I’d run from a bear.Everyone who lives here is a witch. That means it’s high time for me to go. That woman who claims I am her husband—I loathe her in my soul. But her gorgeous sister, who’s so lovely and gracious, who’s so charming and who speaks so well,