Lord of the wide world and wild wat'ry seas,Endued with intellectual sense and souls,Of more preeminence than fish and fowls,Are masters to their females, and their lords.Then let your will attend on their accords.This servitude makes you to keep unwed.Not this, but troubles of the marriage bed.But, were you wedded, you would bear some sway.Ere I learn love, I’ll practice to obey.How if your husband start some otherwhere?Till he come home again, I would forbear.Patience unmoved! No marvel though she pause;They can be meek that have no other cause.A wretched soul, bruised with adversityWe bid be quiet when we hear it cry,But were we burdened with like weight of pain,As much or more we should ourselves complain.So thou, that hast no unkind mate to grieve thee,With urging helpless patience would relieve me;But, if thou live to see like right bereft,This fool-begged patience in thee will be left.Well, I will marry one day, but to try.Here comes your man. Now is your husband nigh.#LBSFORGOLDworld and the wild watery seas, gifted with intellectual sense and souls, greater than the fish and the birds—are the masters of women and their lords. Therefore, you should obey their wishes.It’s this servantlike mentality that’s keeping you unmarried.No, that’s not it—it’s because of what happens in the marriage bed.But if you were married, you’d wield some influence.Before I learn how to love, I’ll learn how to follow orders.What if your husband strays elsewhere?I’d endure it until he came home again.Now that’s patience! No wonder she’s waiting to get married. It’s easy to preach meekness when you have no reason to act otherwise. When we’re faced with a wretched person, bruised and crying with hardship, we try to get them to shush up. And yet, if we were suffering the same kind of pain, we’d complain just as much—if not more! So you, who have no husband causing you problems, want to comfort me by preaching the virtue of feeble patience. But if you live to see yourself similarly denied your rights, this foolish patience will abandon you.Well, I’ll get married one day, just to see. Here comes your servant—your husband must be coming soon.