Yea, dost thou jeer and flout me in the teeth?Think’st thou I jest? Hold, take thou that and that. (beats DROMIO OF SYRACUSE)
Hold, sir, for God’s sake! Now your jest is earnest.Upon what bargain do you give it me?Because that I familiarly sometimesDo use you for my fool and chat with you,Your sauciness will jest upon my loveAnd make a common of my serious hours.When the sun shines, let foolish gnats make sport,But creep in crannies when he hides his beams.If you will jest with me, know my aspect,And fashion your demeanor to my looks,Or I will beat this method in your sconce.“Sconce” call you it? So you would leave battering, I had
rather have it a “head.” An you use these blows long, I must
get a sconce for my head and ensconce it too, or else I shall
seek my wit in my shoulders. But I pray, sir, why am I
beaten?
Dost thou not know?Nothing, sir, but that I am beaten.Shall I tell you why?Ay, sir, and wherefore, for they say every why hath a
wherefore.
#LBSFORGOLDWhat, are you mocking me to my face? You think I’m joking? Here. Take that, and that! (beats DROMIO OF SYRACUSE)
Stop, sir, for God’s sake! Now this joke has turned serious. Why are you doing this?Just because I act familiar with you sometimes and let you fool around and joke with me, you try to take advantage of my affection. You pull pranks when I’m in a serious mood. You know, foolish gnats come out in the sunshine, but they creep back into their holes when it’s dark. If you want to crack jokes, first check what kind of mood I’m in and then adjust your behavior to suit me. If you don’t learn this rule, I’ll have to beat it into your sconce.You call it my “sconceDromio puns on various meanings of “sconce,”including “head,” “fortress” (which Dromio imagines being attacked with a battering ram), and “curtain.”sconce”? I’d rather call it my “head” so you’d stop battering it. If you keep pounding me, I’ll need a sconce to wrap my head with, or else I’ll have to keep my brain in my chest. But sir, why are you beating me?Don’t you know?All I know is that I’m being beaten.Should I tell you why?Yes, and wherefore. You know the old saying: “Every ‘why’ has a ‘wherefore.’”