Alas, I sent you money to redeem youBy Dromio here, who came in haste for it.Money by me! heart and goodwill you might,But surely, master, not a rag of money.Went’st not thou to her for a purse of ducats?He came to me, and I delivered it.And I am witness with her that she did.God and the rope-maker bear me witnessThat I was sent for nothing but a rope.Mistress, both man and master is possessed.I know it by their pale and deadly looks.They must be bound and laid in some dark room.
(to ADRIANA) Say wherefore didst thou lock me forth today.
(to DROMIO OF EPHESUS) And why dost thou deny the bag of gold?I did not, gentle husband, lock thee forth.And, gentle master, I received no gold.But I confess, sir, that we were locked out.Dissembling villain, thou speak’st false in both.Dissembling harlot, thou art false in all,And art confederate with a damnèd packTo make a loathsome abject scorn of me.But with these nails I’ll pluck out these false eyesThat would behold in me this shameful sport.#LBSFORGOLDFor goodness sake, I sent money to bail you out. I gave it to Dromio, who rushed in for it.You gave money to me? She might have given me her best wishes, master, but she didn’t give me one scrap of money.Didn’t you go to her for a purse full of ducats?He did, and I gave it to him.And I saw her do it.I was sent for a rope! God and the rope maker are my witnesses!Mistress, both the man and his master are possessed. I can tell by how pale and deathlike they look. We must tie them up and leave them in some dark room.
(to ADRIANA) Tell me! Why did you lock me out today? (to DROMIO OF EPHESUS) And why are you denying that you received the gold?My sweet husband, I did not lock you out.And my sweet master, I received no gold. But I agree, sir, that we were locked out.You lying villain! Both those statements are false.You lying slut, everything you say is false. You’re scheming with some damned gang, trying to make a fool of me. With my own bare hands, I’ll scratch out your eyes, which want to see me humiliated.