I buy a thousand pound a year! I buy a rope!
(to ANGELO) A man is well holp up that trusts to you!I promisèd your presence and the chain,But neither chain nor goldsmith came to me.Belike you thought our love would last too longIf it were chained together, and therefore came not.Saving your merry humor, here’s the noteHow much your chain weighs to the utmost carat,The fineness of the gold, and chargeful fashion,Which doth amount to three-odd ducats moreThan I stand debted to this gentleman.I pray you, see him presently discharged,For he is bound to sea, and stays but for it.I am not furnished with the present money.Besides, I have some business in the town.Good signior, take the stranger to my house,And with you take the chain, and bid my wifeDisburse the sum on the receipt thereof.Perchance I will be there as soon as you.Then you will bring the chain to her yourself.No, bear it with you lest I come not time enough.Well, sir, I will. Have you the chain about you?An if I have not, sir, I hope you have,Or else you may return without your money.#LBSFORGOLDI buy myself a thousand beatings a year if I buy a rope.
There’s no consensus about the exact meaning of this obscure line, which is an expression of Dromio’s frustration.

(to ANGELO) Good luck to any man who trusts you. I swore that you would come with the necklace, but neither you nor the necklace showed up. Perhaps you were concerned about being chained to me and so decided not to come.All joking aside, here’s an invoice spelling out exactly how many carats the necklace weighs as well as the quality of the gold and the workmanship. The total due is about three ducats more than I owe this gentleman. Please, pay him immediately. He’s about to leave on a trip and he’s waiting for the money.I don’t have the cash right now. Besides, I have some business to take care of in town. Good signior, take this stranger to my house. Bring the necklace with you, and tell my wife to pay you the amount due. I might make it back in time to meet you.So you’ll bring the necklace to her yourself?No. You bring it in case I can’t make it.All right, sir, I will. Do you have it with you?If I don’t, I hope you do. Or else you’ll leave without your money.