Stop in your wind, sir. Tell me this, I pray:Where have you left the money that I gave you?O, sixpence, that I had o' Wednesday lastTo pay the saddler for my mistress' crupper?The saddler had it, sir; I kept it not.I am not in a sportive humor now.Tell me, and dally not: where is the money?We being strangers here, how dar’st thou trustSo great a charge from thine own custody?I pray you, jest, sir, as you sit at dinner.I from my mistress come to you in post;If I return, I shall be post indeed,For she will scour your fault upon my pate.Methinks your maw, like mine, should be your clock,And strike you home without a messenger.Come, Dromio, come, these jests are out of season.Reserve them till a merrier hour than this.Where is the gold I gave in charge to thee?To me, sir? Why, you gave no gold to me!Come on, sir knave, have done your foolishness,And tell me how thou hast disposed thy charge.My charge was but to fetch you from the martHome to your house, the Phoenix, sir, to dinner.My mistress and her sister stays for you.Now, as I am a Christian, answer meIn what safe place you have bestowed my money,Or I shall break that merry sconce of yoursThat stands on tricks when I am undisposed.Where is the thousand marks thou hadst of me?#LBSFORGOLDHold on a second. Answer me this, please: where’s the money I gave you?Oh, the sixpence you gave me last Wednesday to buy leather goods for my mistress? The saddle maker has it, sir—I didn’t keep it.I’m not in a joking mood. Tell me right now and stop fooling: where’s the money? We’re strangers here. How dare you let such a large amount escape your keeping?Please, sir; crack jokes over lunch. My mistress made me hurry here. If I go back without you, she’ll punish your faults by breaking my head open. I should think that your appetite would act like a clock (as mine does) and bring you home on its own, without the need for a messenger.That’s enough, Dromio, please. This isn’t a good moment for jokes—save them till a happier time. Where’s the gold I gave you?Gave me, sir? You didn’t give me any gold.Come on, you rogue. Quit joking. Tell me what you’ve done with the money I entrusted to you.The only thing that I’ve been entrusted with was getting you from the market and bringing you to your house, the Phoenix, for lunch. My mistress and her sister are waiting for you.Tell me where you’ve stowed away my money, or I swear I’ll break that comical head of yours for goofing when I’m not in the mood. Where are the thousand marksmarks = units of currencymarks you had from me?