No? Why, ’tis a plain case: he that went, like a bass viol in
a case of leather; the man, sir, that, when gentlemen are tired,
gives them a sob and ’rests them; he, sir, that takes pity on
decayed men and gives them suits of durance; he that sets up
his rest to do more exploits with his mace than a morris-pike.
What, thou meanest an officer?Ay, sir, the sergeant of the band; he that brings any man to
answer it that breaks his band; one that thinks a man always
going to bed and says “God give you good rest.”
Well, sir, there rest in your foolery. Is there any ships put
forth tonight? May we be gone?
Why, sir, I brought you word an hour since that the bark

								Expedition put forth tonight, and then were you hindered by
the sergeant to tarry for the hoy Delay. Here are the angels
that you sent for to deliver you.
The fellow is distract, and so am I,And here we wander in illusions.Some blessed power deliver us from hence!Well met, well met, Master Antipholus.I see, sir, you have found the goldsmith now.Is that the chain you promised me today?Satan, avoid! I charge thee, tempt me not.Master, is this Mistress Satan?#LBSFORGOLDNo? It’s plain enough. The Adam who looks like a cello, in a big leather case. The one who gives tired people “arrest.” The one who gives ruined men new suits—law suits. The one who’s determined to do more damage with his nightstick than a soldier does with his pike.You mean an officer?Yes, the leader of the team; the one that gets you if you can’t pay a debt; the one who assumes people are always going to bed and says to them, “Have arrest.”Well, sir, stop your joking there. Are any ships leaving tonight? Can we go?Why, sir, I told you an hour ago that the good ship Expedition was leaving tonight, but then the officer got you, and you decided to wait for the little rowboat Delay. Here’s the bail money you sent me to get.This fellow’s gone mad, and so have I. We’re in some kind of dream world. Please, somebody, get us out of here!Good to see you, Master Antipholus. I see you’ve met with the jeweler. Is that chain you’re wearing the one you promised to give to me?Get away from me, Satan! Don’t try to tempt me!Master, is this Satan’s mistress?