We talk with goblins, owls, and sprites:If we obey them not, this will ensue:They’ll suck our breath, or pinch us black and blue.Why prat’st thou to thyself and answer’st not?Dromio—thou, Dromio—thou snail, thou slug, thou sot.I am transformèd, master, am I not?I think thou art in mind, and so am I.Nay, master, both in mind and in my shape.Thou hast thine own form.     No, I am an ape.If thou art changed to aught, ’tis to an ass.'Tis true. She rides me, and I long for grass.'Tis so. I am an ass; else it could never beBut I should know her as well as she knows me.Come, come, no longer will I be a fool,To put the finger in the eye and weepWhilst man and master laugh my woes to scorn.Come, sir, to dinner.—Dromio, keep the gate. —Husband, I’ll dine above with you today,And shrive you of a thousand idle pranks.Sirrah, if any ask you for your master,Say he dines forth, and let no creature enter.—Come, sister.—Dromio, play the porter well.Am I in earth, in heaven, or in hell?Sleeping or waking, mad or well-advised?#LBSFORGOLDspeaking with goblins, owls, and demons. If we don’t obey them, they’ll suck the life out of us or pinch us black and blue.Why are you mumbling to yourself instead of answering the order I gave you? Dromio, you drone, you snail, you slug, you idiot!I’ve been transformed somehow, haven’t I, master?I think your mind has been altered, and mine too.No, master, I’ve been changed in both mind and body.Your body looks the same.No, I’m an apeape = a counterfeit (of myself); a foolape.If you’ve changed into anything, it’s an ass.That’s true. She’s riding me hard, and all I want to do is get out of here. I must be as stupid as an ass—that’s why I don’t know her, but she knows me.All right, all right. I won’t play the fool anymore and just cry while my husband and his man laugh at me. Come, husband, let’s go to lunch. Dromio, guard the door. Husband, I’ll eat with you in private today and hear your confession about all the pranks you’ve pulled. SirrahSirrah = term of address for a person of low social standingSirrah, if anyone asks where your master is, say he’s out to lunch, and don’t let anyone come in. Come, sister. Dromio, do a good job as doorkeeper.Am I on earth, in heaven, or in hell? Asleep or awake? Crazy or sane? These people know me, but I don’t