But your reason was not substantial why there is no time to
recover.
Thus I mend it: Time himself is bald and therefore, to the
world’s end, will have bald followers.
I knew ’twould be a bald conclusion:But soft, who wafts us yonder?Ay, ay, Antipholus, look strange and frown.Some other mistress hath thy sweet aspects.I am not Adriana, nor thy wife.The time was once when thou unurged wouldst vowThat never words were music to thine ear,That never object pleasing in thine eye,That never touch well welcome to thy hand,That never meat sweet-savored in thy taste,Unless I spake, or looked, or touched, or carved to thee.How comes it now, my husband, O, how comes itThat thou art thus estranged from thyself?“Thyself” I call it, being strange to me,That, undividable, incorporate,Am better than thy dear self’s better part.Ah, do not tear away thyself from me!For know, my love, as easy mayest thou fallA drop of water in the breaking gulf,And take unmingled thence that drop againWithout addition or diminishing,As take from me thyself and not me too.How dearly would it touch thee to the quick,Shouldst thou but hear I were licentiousAnd that this body, consecrate to thee,#LBSFORGOLDYou didn’t come up with a very good proof.Then I’ll change it to this: Father Time himself is bald, so for all time there will be bald men.I knew you’d come up with a bald“Bald” can also mean “trivial” or “lame.”bald conclusion. But wait—who’s that waving to us?Yes, yes, Antipholus: look bewildered and frown at me. You’ve given away all your sweet looks to some other woman—I am not Adriana nor your wife. There was a time when you’d freely tell me that words were never music to your ear unless I said them, that objects never pleased your eye unless I showed them to you, that touches never pleased your hands unless they were my touches, and that food never tasted sweet to you unless I had prepared it. How is it, my husband—oh, how is it—that you have become a stranger to yourself? I say yourself because you are a stranger to me now, but when we are indivisible and united in one body, I am better than the best part of you. Ah, don’t tear yourself away from me! For you should know, my love, that it would be as easy to let a drop of water fall into the churning sea and then fish it out again, unmingled and undiminished, as it would be to take yourself from me without taking me out of myself as well. How deeply would it cut you if you heard that I had been cheating on you and that my body—which is sworn for you only—had been contaminated by vile lust?