Good morrow to your Worship.Good Monsieur Charles, what’s the new news at the new
court?
There’s no news at the court, sir, but the old news. That is,
the old duke is banished by his younger brother the new
duke, and three or four loving lords have put themselves
into voluntary exile with him, whose lands and revenues
enrich the new duke. Therefore he gives them good leave to
wander.
Can you tell if Rosalind, the duke’s daughter, be banished
with her father?
Oh, no, for the duke’s daughter her cousin so loves her,
being ever from their cradles bred together, that she would
have followed her exile or have died to stay behind her. She
is at the court, and no less beloved of her uncle than his own
daughter, and never two ladies loved as they do.
Where will the old duke live?They say he is already in the Forest of Arden, and a many
merry men with him; and there they live like the old Robin
Hood of England. They say many young gentlemen flock to
him every day and fleet the time carelessly, as they did in the
golden world.
What, you wrestle tomorrow before the new duke?#LBSFORGOLDGood morning, sir.Good Mr. Charles! Tell me, what’s the latest news at the new court?No news but the old news: the old Duke Senior has been banished by his younger brother, the new Duke Frederick. A few loyal lords have gone into exile with Duke Senior, and given up their lands and money to Frederick—so he’s happy enough to have them leave.Can you tell me whether Rosalind, Duke Senior’s daughter, has also been banished?Oh, no. Duke Frederick’s daughter, Celia, grew up with Rosalind, and Celia loves her cousin so much that she would have either followed her into exile or died of grief. Rosalind has stayed at court, where Duke Frederick loves her like his own daughter. No two women ever loved each other like they do.Where will the old duke live?They say he’s already in the Forest of Arden. He has many cheerful men with him, and they live like Robin Hood and his outlaws. People say that new batches of young men flock there every day, and that they all pass the time without a care, like people did in the Golden AgeIn Greek mythology, the first humans lived in a Golden Age, free from work, conflict, or violence, and without the need of laws.Golden Age.So, are you going to wrestle before the new duke tomorrow?