
(sings)

Blow, blow, thou winter wind.

Thou art not so unkind

As man’s ingratitude.

Thy tooth is not so keen,

Because thou art not seen,

Although thy breath be rude.

Heigh-ho, sing heigh-ho, unto the green holly.

Most friendship is feigning, most loving mere folly.

Then heigh-ho, the holly.

This life is most jolly.

Freeze, freeze, thou bitter sky,

That dost not bite so nigh

As benefits forgot.

Though thou the waters warp,

Thy sting is not so sharp

As friend remembered not.

Heigh-ho, sing heigh-ho, unto the green holly.

Most friendship is feigning, most loving mere folly.

Then heigh-ho, the holly.

This life is most jolly.
If that you were the good Sir Rowland’s son,As you have whispered faithfully you were,And as mine eye doth his effigies witnessMost truly limned and living in your face,Be truly welcome hither. I am the dukeThat loved your father. The residue of your fortuneGo to my cave and tell me.—Good old man,Thou art right welcome as thy master is.Support him by the arm. Give me your hand,And let me all your fortunes understand.#LBSFORGOLD
(singing)

Blow, blow, winter wind.

You aren’t as harsh

As men’s ingratitude.Your teeth aren’t as sharp,

As you are invisible,

Even though your breath is an assault.

Heigh-ho! Sing, heigh-ho! Sing to the green holly.

Most friendship is false, most love simply foolishness.

Then heigh-ho, to the holly.

This life is really jolly.

Freeze, freeze, you bitter sky,

Your bite isn’t as painful

As when good deeds are forgotten.

Even though you can freeze water

Your sting is not as sharp

As the friend who is forgotten.

Heigh-ho! Sing, heigh-ho! Sing to the green holly.

Most friendship is false, most love simply foolishness.

Then heigh-ho, to the holly.

This life is really jolly.
If you really are Sir Rowland’s son, as you’ve just whispered to me—and I can absolutely see the likeness in your face— you are truly welcome here. I am the duke who loved your father. Come to my cave and tell me the rest of your story.—Good old man, you are as welcome here as your master is. Give him your arm. Give me your hand, and explain your situation to me.