Hang there, my verse, in witness of my love.And thou, thrice-crownéd queen of night, surveyWith thy chaste eye, from thy pale sphere above,Thy huntress' name that my full life doth sway.O Rosalind, these trees shall be my books,And in their barks my thoughts I’ll character,That every eye which in this forest looksShall see thy virtue witnessed everywhere.Run, run, Orlando, carve on every treeThe fair, the chaste, and unexpressive she.And how like you this shepherd’s life, Master Touchstone?Truly, shepherd, in respect of itself, it is a good life; but in
respect that it is a shepherd’s life, it is naught. In respect
that it is solitary, I like it very well; but in respect that it is
private, it is a very vile life. Now in respect it is in the fields,
it pleaseth me well; but in respect it is not in the court, it is
tedious. As it is a spare life, look you, it fits my humor well;
but as there is no more plenty in it, it goes much against my
stomach. Hast any philosophy in thee, shepherd?
#LBSFORGOLDHang there on this tree, you lines of poetry, and bear  witness to my love. And you, goddess of the moonDiana—in Greek and Roman mythology, goddess of the moon and the hunt—was the patron of virgin maidens like Rosalind.goddess of the moon, queen of the night—with your chaste eye, from your pale home up above—watch your huntress, who has the power to control my life. Oh, Rosalind, these trees will be my books—I’ll write my thoughts down on their bark. That way, everyone who passes through this forest will find your virtues everywhere. Run, run, Orlando, on every tree carve praises of her beauty, her virtue, and her inexpressibility.And how are you liking the shepherd’s life, Master Touchstone?Well, in and of itself, it is a good life, but given that it’s a shepherd’s life, it’s worthless. In the fact that it’s solitary, I enjoy it very much; but in the sense that it’s private, it’s terrible. Now, I’m very pleased with it being outdoors, but in its not being at the court, it is boring. Being a simple life, it suits me very well, but being a life without plenty, it doesn’t suit me at all. Are you any kind of philosopher yourself, shepherd?