Wilt thou rest damned? God help thee, shallow man. God
make incision in thee; thou art raw.
Sir, I am a true laborer. I earn that I eat, get that I wear, owe
no man hate, envy no man’s happiness, glad of other men’s
good, content with my harm, and the greatest of my pride
is to see my ewes graze and my lambs suck.
That is another simple sin in you, to bring the ewes and the
rams together and to offer to get your living by the
copulation of cattle; to be bawd to a bellwether and to
betray a she-lamb of a twelvemonth to a crooked-pated old
cuckoldly ram, out of all reasonable match. If thou be’st not
damned for this, the devil himself will have no shepherds.
I cannot see else how thou shouldst ’scape.
Here comes young Master Ganymede, my new mistress’s
brother.

(as Ganymede, reading) From the east to western Ind,No jewel is like Rosalind.Her worth being mounted on the wind,Through all the world bears Rosalind.All the pictures fairest linedAre but black to Rosalind.Let no fair be kept in mindBut the fair of Rosalind.#LBSFORGOLDYou’re going to rest while you’re still damned? God help you, foolish man. Pray God does some surgery on you: you need to be fixed.Sir, I’m a true, simple laborer: I earn what I eat, get what I wear, hate no man, envy no man’s happiness, am happy for other men’s good fortune and satisfied with my own bad fortune, and the source of my greatest pride is watching my ewes graze and my lambs feed.That’s another sin arising from your ignorance: you bring ewes and rams together and make your living by their copulation. You act as a pimp to a young ewe by forcing her to have sex with a crooked-headed, horny old ram—a totally unreasonable match. If you’re not damned for that, then the devil must be keeping shepherds out of hell; I can’t see how else you can hope to escape.Here comes young Mr. Ganymede, my new mistress’s brother.
(reading, as Ganymede) From the far east to the west IndiesThere is no jewel like Rosalind.Her worth is carried on the windAnd it blows throughout the world, carrying the name of Rosalind.All the most beautiful paintingsAre black when compared to Rosalind.Don’t think of any beautyBut the beauty of Rosalind.