I’ll rhyme you so eight years together, dinners and suppers
and sleeping hours excepted. It is the right butter-women’s
rank to market.
Out, fool.For a taste:If a hart do lack a hind,Let him seek out Rosalind.If the cat will after kind,So, be sure, will Rosalind.Winter garments must be lined,So must slender Rosalind.They that reap must sheaf and bind,Then to cart with Rosalind.Sweetest nut hath sourest rind;Such a nut is Rosalind.He that sweetest rose will findMust find love’s prick, and Rosalind.This is the very false gallop of verses. Why do you infect yourself with them?Peace, you dull fool. I found them on a tree.Truly, the tree yields bad fruit.I’ll graft it with you, and then I shall graft it with a medlar.
Then it will be the earliest fruit i' th' country, for you’ll be
rotten ere you be half ripe, and that’s the right virtue of the
medlar.
#LBSFORGOLDI could rhyme like that for eight years in a row, excepting meal times and sleeping hours. That awful, plodding rhyme sounded like a row of dairy women stomping off to market.Oh, stop, fool.Let me try:If there’s a buck who needs a doeTell him Rosalind will do.A cat in heat will look for a mate,And Rosalind certainly will too.Winter garments need to be filled with something,And so does skinny Rosalind.After you harvest, you have to sheaf and bindSo throw ripe Rosalind on the harvest cart.The sweetest nut has the sourest rindAnd Rosalind is that kind of nut.The man who finds the sweetest roseWill be pricked by it, and by Rosalind.This is exactly the false way that verses gallop along. Why bother with them?Quiet, you stupid fool. I found them on a tree.Well, the tree bears rotten fruit.I’ll graft you onto that tree, and when I do I’ll be grafting onto it a medlarIn other words, Touchstone will be “rotten,” or decomposing in his grave, before he’s “ripe,” or wise. Medlar fruits were eaten when they were rotten.medlar. The fruit the tree bears will be the earliest to ripen in the country because, God knows, you’ll  be rotten before you’re half-ripe, which is how medlars are.