Alas the day, what shall I do with my doublet and hose?
What did he when thou saw’st him? What said he? How
looked he? Wherein went he? What makes him here? Did
he ask for me? Where remains he? How parted he with thee?
And when shalt thou see him again? Answer me in one
word.
You must borrow me Gargantua’s mouth first. 'Tis a word
too great for any mouth of this age’s size. To say ay and no
to these particulars is more than to answer in a catechism.
But doth he know that I am in this forest and in man’s
apparel? Looks he as freshly as he did the day he wrestled?
It is as easy to count atomies as to resolve the propositions
of a lover. But take a taste of my finding him, and relish it
with good observance. I found him under a tree like a
dropped acorn.
It may well be called Jove’s tree when it drops forth such
fruit.
Give me audience, good madam.Proceed.There lay he, stretched along like a wounded knight.Though it be pity to see such a sight, it well becomes the
ground.
#LBSFORGOLDOh no! What am I going to do in my man’s clothing? What did he do when you saw him? What did he say? How did he look? Where did he go? What brings him here? Did he ask about me? Where is he staying? How did he say good-bye? And when will you see him  again? Answer me in a word.You’d better get me Gargantua’s“In a word” means “quickly,” but Celia teasingly takes Rosalind literally—“in one word.” Gargantua was a giant with an enormous appetite for food and drink featured in Gargantua and Pantagruel, by the late-medieval writer Rabelais.Gargantua’smouth first. The word’s too big for any mouth nowadays. Answering “yes” and “no” to all those questions would be harder than answering a catechismA catechism is a summary of a religious doctrine, often in the form of questions and answers.catechism. But does he know that I’m here in the forest and dressed in men’s clothing? Does he look as bright and handsome as the day we saw him wrestling?It’s easier to count specks than to answer a lover’s millions of questions. But taste my story, and relish it by paying attention. I found Orlando under a tree, like a dropped acorn.That tree could be called God’s tree, since it drops such wonderful fruit.Let me talk, good lady.Go on.He lay there, stretched out like a wounded knight.Though that must have been a pitiful sight, the ground looked beautiful.