And why not the swift foot of time? Had not that been as
proper?
By no means, sir. Time travels in diverse paces with diverse
persons. I’ll tell you who time ambles withal, who time
trots withal, who time gallops withal, and who he stands
still withal.
I prithee, who doth he trot withal?Marry, he trots hard with a young maid between the
contract of her marriage and the day it is solemnized. If the
interim be but a se'nnight, time’s pace is so hard that it
seems the length of seven year.
Who ambles time withal?With a priest that lacks Latin and a rich man that hath not
the gout, for the one sleeps easily because he cannot study
and the other lives merrily because he feels no pain—the
one lacking the burden of lean and wasteful learning, the
other knowing no burden of heavy tedious penury. These
time ambles withal.
Who doth he gallop withal?With a thief to the gallows, for though he go as softly as foot
can fall, he thinks himself too soon there.
Who stays it still withal?With lawyers in the vacation, for they sleep between term
and term, and then they perceive not how time moves.
#LBSFORGOLDWhy didn’t you say “the swift steps” of time instead of the “lazy foot”? Wouldn’t that have been just as appropriate?No, not at all, sir. Time travels at different speeds for different people. I can tell you who time strolls for, who it trots for, who it gallops for, and who it stops cold for.Okay, who does it trot for?Well, it trots for a young woman between the time she gets engaged and the time she marries: the time that’s passed may only be a week, but it always feels like seven years.Who does time amble for?For a priest who doesn’t know his Latin or a rich man who is free from the gout. The one sleeps easily because he isn’t up late studying and the other lives merrily because he’s free from pain. The first lacks the burden of intense, exhausting study, and the second is spared the burden of heavy, exhausting poverty. Time ambles for both men.Who does it gallop for?For a thief on his way to the gallows. Such a man walks as slowly as possible and, even so, gets there too soon.Who does it stand still for?For lawyers on vacation, because they sleep their holidays away, with no sense of how time moves.