No, I will not cast away my physic but on those that are sick.
There is a man haunts the forest that abuses our young
plants with carving “Rosalind” on their barks, hangs odes
upon hawthorns and elegies on brambles, all, forsooth,
deifying the name of Rosalind. If I could meet that fancy-
monger I would give him some good counsel, for he seems
to have the quotidian of love upon him.
I am he that is so love-shaked. I pray you tell me your
remedy.
There is none of my uncle’s marks upon you. He taught me
how to know a man in love, in which cage of rushes I am
sure you are not prisoner.
What were his marks?A lean cheek, which you have not; a blue eye and sunken,
which you have not; an unquestionable spirit, which you
have not; a beard neglected, which you have not—but I
pardon you for that, for simply your having in beard is a
younger brother’s revenue. Then your hose should be
ungartered, your bonnet unbanded, your sleeve
unbuttoned, your shoe untied, and everything about you
demonstrating a careless desolation. But you are no such
man. You are rather point-device in your accouterments, as
loving yourself than seeming the lover of any other.
Fair youth, I would I could make thee believe I love.#LBSFORGOLDNo, I won’t give my medicine away to anyone but the sick. There’s a man haunting this forest who abuses the trees by carving “Rosalind” on their barks. He hangs his odes on the hawthorns and his elegies on the brambles—each of these poems praising to the heavens one “Rosalind.” Now if I could find this man, this dream-catcher, I would give him some good advice, because he is truly love-sick.Well, I’m the man you’re speaking of. Please, tell me your cure.But you don’t have any of the symptoms my uncle told me about. He taught me how to recognize a man in love, and you’re not a prisoner of love, I’m sure.What did he say the symptoms were?A thin face, which you don’t have; a sleepless, sunken eye, which you don’t have; an irritable temper, which you don’t have; a neglected beard, which you don’t have—but that might not be so telling, since you don’t have much beard anyway. Your stockings should be falling down around your ankles, your hat flying off your head, your sleeves unbuttoned, your shoes untied, and everything about you demonstrating carelessness and misery. But you’re no such man. You’re so neat and well put-together that you look like you love yourself more than anyone else.Young boy, I wish I could make you believe that I’m in love.