As the ox hath his bow, sir, the horse his curb, and the
falcon her bells, so man hath his desires; and as pigeons bill,
so wedlock would be nibbling.
And will you, being a man of your breeding, be married
under a bush like a beggar? Get you to church, and have a
good priest that can tell you what marriage is. This fellow
will but join you together as they join wainscot. Then one
of you will prove a shrunk panel and, like green timber,
warp, warp.

(aside)  I am not in the mind but I were better to be married
of him than of another, for he is not like to marry me well,
and not being well married, it will be a good excuse for me
hereafter to leave my wife.
Go thou with me, and let me counsel thee.Come, sweet Audrey. We must be married, or we must live in bawdry.—Farewell, good Master Oliver, not
O sweet Oliver,

O brave Oliver,

Leave me not behind thee

But

Wind away,

Begone, I say,

I will not to wedding with thee.
'Tis no matter. Ne'er a fantastical knave of them all shall
flout me out of my calling.
#LBSFORGOLDJust as the ox has his yoke, the horse its bridle, the falcon a tether, a man has his desires—to keep in check.And, being a man of your breeding, you’re going to be married under some shrubs like a beggar? Get yourself to a church and have a proper priest, who can tell you what marriage is all about, marry you. This man here will slap you two together like two pieces of wood panelling. Then one of you will warp and pull away—and there goes your marriage.
(to himself)  I’d rather have this guy marry us, because he is not likely to marry us well, and if we’re not married properly, I’ll have a better excuse later to leave my wife.Come with me and let me advise you.Come, sweet Audrey. We have to be married properly. Otherwise, we’ll be living in sin.—Goodbye, Sir Oliver. We’re not singing,
Oh,
sweet OliverTouchstone is singing a popular song of the day.sweet Oliver

Oh, sweet Oliver

Don’t leave me behind—

but,

Go away, wind

Go, I say,

I’m not going to marry you.
It doesn’t matter to me. None of these deranged rascals can shake me from my profession.