Nay, certainly, there is no truth in him.Do you think so?Yes, I think he is not a pick-purse nor a horse-stealer, but
for his verity in love, I do think him as concave as a covered
goblet or a worm-eaten nut.
Not true in love?Yes, when he is in, but I think he is not in.You have heard him swear downright he was.“Was” is not “is.” Besides, the oath of a lover is no stronger
than the word of a tapster. They are both the confirmer of
false reckonings. He attends here in the forest on the duke
your father.
I met the duke yesterday and had much question with him.
He asked me of what parentage I was. I told him, of as good
as he. So he laughed and let me go. But what talk we of
fathers when there is such a man as Orlando?
Oh, that’s a brave man. He writes brave verses, speaks
brave words, swears brave oaths, and breaks them bravely,
quite traverse, athwart the heart of his lover, as a puny tilter
that spurs his horse but on one side breaks his staff like a
noble goose; but all’s brave that youth mounts and folly
guides.
#LBSFORGOLDReally, he’s a total liar.Do you think so?Yes. He’s not a pickpocket or a horse thief, but when it comes to truth in love, he’s as hollow as a cup or a nut hollowed out by a worm.You think his feelings aren’t true?Oh, I think they are—when he’s in love. But he’s not in love.But you heard him swear up and down that he was.He “was,” but that doesn’t mean he is anymore. Besides, the promises of a lover are as untrustworthy as a bartender handing you an inflated tab: they both swear to their lies. He’s staying in the forest with your father now.I met my father in the woods yesterday and had a long conversation with him. He asked me who my parents were, and I told him they were as good as he was. He laughed at that and let me go. But why are we talking about my father, when a man like Orlando exists?Oh, sure, he’s a brave man! He writes brave poems, speaks brave words, makes brave promises, and then breaks them just as bravely. He’s like a cowardly jousterThis was considered a dishonorable move in jousting.jouster, who breaks his lance across his opponent’s shield, rather than directly against it. But everything’s brave that a young man does and foolishness leads.