—But, mistress, know yourself. Down on your kneesAnd thank heaven, fasting, for a good man’s love,For I must tell you friendly in your ear,Sell when you can; you are not for all markets.Cry the man mercy, love him, take his offer.Foul is most foul, being foul to be a scoffer.—So take her to thee, shepherd. Fare you well.Sweet youth, I pray you chide a year together.I had rather hear you chide than this man woo.He’s fall'n in love with your foulness. (to SILVIUS
) And
she’ll fall in love with my anger. If it be so, as fast as she
answers thee with frowning looks, I’ll sauce her with bitter
words. (to PHOEBE
) Why look you so upon me?
For no ill will I bear you.I pray you, do not fall in love with me,For I am falser than vows made in wine.Besides, I like you not. If you will know my house,'Tis at the tuft of olives, here hard by.—Will you go, sister?—Shepherd, ply her hard.—Come, sister.—Shepherdess, look on him better,And be not proud. Though all the world could see,None could be so abused in sight as he.—Come, to our flock.Dead shepherd, now I find thy saw of might:“Who ever loved that loved not at first sight?”#LBSFORGOLDBut mistress, know yourself. Get down on your knees and thank heaven for sending you such a good man. I’m telling you, as a friend, that you should sell while the market’s good—you’re not going to have many more buyers. Ask this man’s forgiveness, love him, and accept his offer. You’re already ugly, don’t make matters worse by being scornful, too. So take her, shepherd, and God bless you.Sweet boy, I’d rather hear you scold me for a whole year than this man woo me for a minute.He’s fallen in love with your sheer ugliness. (To SILVIUS
) And I think she’s falling in love with my anger. If I’m right, as soon as she answers you with frowns, I’ll rebuke her with bitter words. (to PHOEBE
) Why are you looking at me like that?I don’t wish you any harm.I’m telling you, don’t fall in love with me. I’m more false than the promises a man makes while drunk. Besides, I don’t like you. If you’d like to know where I live, my house is in the olive grove close by. —Come on, sister. —Shepherd, keep working on her. —Come on, sister. —Shepherdess, give him another chance. And don’t be proud. The whole world could look at you, and no one would be as blind as he is, thinking you’re beautiful. —Come on, to our sheep.Dead shepherdThe “shepherd” is the writer Christopher Marlowe, a contemporary of Shakespeare’s who died in 1593.shepherd, now I understand what you meant when you said, “You’ve never loved until you’ve fallen in love at first sight.”