A traveler. By my faith, you have great reason to be sad. I
fear you have sold your own lands to see other men’s. Then
to have seen much and to have nothing is to have rich eyes
and poor hands.
Yes, I have gained my experience.And your experience makes you sad. I had rather have a
fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad—
and to travel for it, too.
Good day and happiness, dear Rosalind.Nay then, God be wi' you, an you talk in blank verse.Farewell, Monsieur Traveler. Look you lisp and wear
strange suits, disable all the benefits of your own country,
be out of love with your nativity, and almost chide God for
making you that countenance you are, or I will scarce think
you have swam in a gondola.

(as Ganymede pretending to be ROSALIND
) Why, how now,
Orlando, where have you been all this while? You a lover?
An you serve me such another trick, never come in my sight
more.
My fair Rosalind, I come within an hour of my promise.#LBSFORGOLDYou’re a traveler. Well then, you have good reason to be sad. I’m afraid you’ve sold your own land to see other men’s. To have seen much but own nothing is to have rich eyes and poor hands.Not true. I gained my experience.And your experience makes you sad. I’d rather have a jester to make me happy than experience to make me sad—and to travel for all that trouble, no less!Good day and happiness to you, darling Rosalind.No—I’ll say goodbye if you’re going to talk in blank verseThis is a joke: most of the play is in blank (unrhymed) verse.blank verse.Goodbye, Mr. Traveler. Make sure to keep up your foreign accent, wear strange clothes, belittle all the benefits you receive from your native land and fall out of love with it, and nearly curse God for making you look like the Englishman you are, or else I’ll never believe you’ve paddled in a gondola in a Venetian canal, as you say you have.
(as Ganymede pretending to be ROSALIND
) What’s going on, Orlando? Where have you been all this time? And you call yourself a lover? If you ever insult me like this again, don’t bother coming around here again.My beautiful Rosalind, I’m only an hour late.