I take some joy to say you are because I would be talking of
her.
Well, in her person I say I will not have you.Then, in mine own person I die.No, faith, die by attorney. The poor world is almost six
thousand years old, and in all this time there was not any
man died in his own person, videlicet, in a love cause.
Troilus had his brains dashed out with a Grecian club, yet
he did what he could to die before, and he is one of the
patterns of love. Leander, he would have lived many a fair
year though Hero had turned nun if it had not been for a hot
midsummer night, for, good youth, he went but forth to
wash him in the Hellespont and, being taken with the
cramp, was drowned; and the foolish chroniclers of that age
found it was Hero of Sestos. But these are all lies. Men have
died from time to time, and worms have eaten them, but not
for love.
I would not have my right Rosalind of this mind, for I
protest her frown might kill me.
By this hand, it will not kill a fly. But come; now I will be
your Rosalind in a more coming-on disposition, and ask me
what you will, I will grant it.
Then love me, Rosalind.Yes, faith, will I, Fridays and Saturdays and all.And wilt thou have me?#LBSFORGOLDI like to pretend you are, because then it’s almost like actually talking to her.Well, on behalf of Rosalind, I’ll tell you I don’t want you.Then, on behalf of myself, I’ll tell you I’ll die.No, you won’t die yourself, but only by proxy. This world is almost six thousand years old, and in all this time not one man has ever actually died from love. TroilusAccording to ancient myth, Troilus, Cressida’s lover, was killed by the warrior Achilles. Leander drowned while swimming across the Hellespont to visit his lover, Hero. Both were described and redescribed through the ages as tragic lovers.Troilus may have wanted to die from love, and he’s now considered one of the great, tragic love heroes, but, in fact, a Greek with a club beat his brains out. It had nothing to do with love. Leander would have lived many more years if it hadn’t been for a particularly hot summer night, when he went swimming in the Hellespont, got a cramp, and drowned. The foolish poets of the time insisted he died for love, but they’re lying. All the love stories are lies. Men have died from time to time, and worms have eaten them, but not because of love.I hope Rosalind doesn’t feel as you do. Her frown alone would kill me.No, her frown wouldn’t kill a fly. But come on, now I’ll play your Rosalind, and in a more friendly state of mind. Whatever you ask for, I’ll give.Then love me, Rosalind.Okay, I will—on Fridays and Saturdays, and the rest.And will you have me?