I might ask you for your commission, but I do take thee,
Orlando, for my husband. There’s a girl goes before the
priest, and certainly a woman’s thought runs before her
actions.
So do all thoughts. They are winged.Now tell me how long you would have her after you have
possessed her.
Forever and a day.Say “a day” without the “ever.” No, no, Orlando, men are
April when they woo, December when they wed. Maids are
May when they are maids, but the sky changes when they
are wives. I will be more jealous of thee than a Barbary cock-
pigeon over his hen, more clamorous than a parrot against
rain, more newfangled than an ape, more giddy in my
desires than a monkey. I will weep for nothing, like Diana
in the fountain, and I will do that when you are disposed to
be merry. I will laugh like a hyena, and that when thou art
inclined to sleep.
But will my Rosalind do so?By my life, she will do as I do.Oh, but she is wise.#LBSFORGOLDMaybe I should ask you what right you have to take me, but I’ll take you, Orlando, to be my husband. Look, I’ve sped ahead of the priest and answered the question before he even asked. A woman’s thoughts are always running ahead of her actions.So do all thoughts. They have wings.Now tell me how long you intend to keep her.Forever and a day.You might as well just say for “a day,” and forget the “ever” part. No, Orlando, men are like April when they’re wooing a girl—young, and passionate—but like December once they’re married and their passions have cooled. Women are as sweet and temperate as springtime when they’re single, but the climate changes once they’re married. I’ll be more jealous of you than a wild rooster over his hen; more noisy than a parrot chattering about the rain; more fond of new things than an ape; more giddy about getting what I want than a monkey. I’ll cry at nothing, and I’ll always do it when you’re in a good mood. And when you want to go to sleep, I’ll be up laughing like a hyena.But will my Rosalind do this, too?Indeed, she’ll act just like me.But she is wise.