Or else she could not have the wit to do this. The wiser, the
waywarder. Make the doors upon a woman’s wit, and it will
out at the casement. Shut that, and ’twill out at the keyhole.
Stop that, ’twill fly with the smoke out at the chimney.
A man that had a wife with such a wit, he might say “Wit,
whither wilt?”
Nay, you might keep that check for it, till you met your
wife’s wit going to your neighbor’s bed.
And what wit could wit have to excuse that?Marry, to say she came to seek you there. You shall never
take her without her answer unless you take her without her
tongue. Oh, that woman that cannot make her fault her
husband’s occasion, let her never nurse her child herself,
for she will breed it like a fool.
For these two hours, Rosalind, I will leave thee.Alas, dear love, I cannot lack thee two hours.I must attend the duke at dinner. By two o'clock I will be
with thee again.
Ay, go your ways, go your ways. I knew what you would
prove. My friends told me as much, and I thought no less.
That flattering tongue of yours won me. 'Tis but one cast
away, and so, come, death. Two o'clock is your hour?
#LBSFORGOLDRight. If she weren’t wise, she wouldn’t be smart enough to behave badly. The wiser the woman, the wilder. If you close the doors on a woman’s wit, it’ll fly out the window. If you shut the windows, it will pour out the keyhole. If you stop up the keyhole, it will escape from the chimney along with the smoke.A man with a wife like that might ask, “Hey, wandering wit, where are you off to?”Nah, better save the questions for when you find her in your neighbor’s bed.And what wit could excuse that?She’ll say she was at the neighbor’s looking for you. You’ll never find her without an answer unless you find her without a tongue. A woman who doesn’t know how to make her own indiscretions look like her husband’s fault is hardly a woman. And she’s hardly fit to be a mother—her child will turn out to be a fool.Rosalind, I have to leave you for two hours.Oh, no! Darling, I can’t live without you for two hours.I must join the duke for lunch. I’ll be back here with you by two o'clock.Oh, go, leave me. I knew you’d turn out this way. My friends told me as much, and I knew it, too. But I was won over by your flattering words. I’m just another girl whom you’ve cast aside. So, take me, death! You’ll be back at two o'clock?