Ay, sweet Rosalind.By my troth, and in good earnest, and so God mend me, and
by all pretty oaths that are not dangerous, if you break one
jot of your promise or come one minute behind your hour,
I will think you the most pathetical break-promise and the
most hollow lover and the most unworthy of her you call
Rosalind that may be chosen out of the gross band of the
unfaithful. Therefore beware my censure, and keep your
promise.
With no less religion than if thou wert indeed my Rosalind.So, adieu.Well, time is the old justice that examines all such
offenders, and let time try. Adieu.
You have simply misused our sex in your love-prate. We
must have your doublet and hose plucked over your head
and show the world what the bird hath done to her own
nest.
O coz, coz, coz, my pretty little coz, that thou didst know
how many fathom deep I am in love. But it cannot be
sounded; my affection hath an unknown bottom, like the
Bay of Portugal.
Or rather bottomless, that as fast as you pour affection in,
it runs out.
#LBSFORGOLDYes, sweet Rosalind.Honestly, truly, in God’s name, and by all those little girly oaths that don’t actually have any power, if you break even a little bit of your promise, or if you come even a minute after two o'clock, I’ll think you the most pathetic promise breaker, the most lying lover, and the most unworthy partner for Rosalind that could be found anywhere. So beware of my contempt, and keep your promise.I’ll keep my promise just as if you really were Rosalind. So, goodbye.Well, time is the old judge that tries your kind of criminal. Time will tell what kind of a man you are. Goodbye.You have absolutely abused our sex in this love talk of yours. We should rip off your man’s clothing and show the world the woman who has represented her own kind so badly.Oh cousin, cousin, cousin, my sweet little cousin, I wish you knew how deep in love I am. The bottom of my love is so deep it can’t be reached. It’s as deep as the bay of Portugal.Or it’s bottomless, at least: pour affection in one end, and it runs out the other.