Come, come, you are a fool,And turned into the extremity of love.I saw her hand. She has a leathern hand,A freestone-colored hand. I verily did thinkThat her old gloves were on, but ’twas her hands.She has a huswife’s hand—but that’s no matter.I say she never did invent this letter.This is a man’s invention, and his hand.Sure it is hers.Why, ’tis a boisterous and a cruel style,A style for challengers. Why, she defies meLike Turk to Christian. Women’s gentle brainCould not drop forth such giant-rude invention,Such Ethiop words, blacker in their effectThan in their countenance. Will you hear the letter?So please you, for I never heard it yet,Yet heard too much of Phoebe’s cruelty.She Phoebes me. Mark how the tyrant writes.
(reads) Art thou god to shepherd turned,That a maiden’s heart hath burned?Can a woman rail thus?Call you this railing?
(reads)
Why, thy godhead laid apart,Warr’st thou with a woman’s heart?Did you ever hear such railing?Whiles the eye of man did woo me,That could do no vengeance to me.Meaning me a beast.#LBSFORGOLDCome on, you’re a fool, and driven to extreme measures by love. I saw her hands: they were as rough as leather and just as brown; I thought she was wearing old gloves, but they were, in fact, her hands. These are the hands of a hard-working housewife, but that’s not the point. The point is that she didn’t write this letter. These are a man’s words, and his handwriting.I’m telling you, it’s hers.Well, it’s written in a boisterous and rude style—someone is up for a fight. Why, she challenges me like a Muslim would challenge a Christian. No, a woman’s gentle brain could never have come up with such crude expressions and even harsher meanings. Do you want to hear what she says?If you want to read it, as I haven’t heard it yet, though I’ve heard too much of Phoebe’s cruelty.She’s Phoebe-ing me. Listen to what the tyrant says. (reading) “Are you a god disguised as a shepherd, that you know so expertly how to burn my heart?” Now, honestly, would a woman rant like this?You call that ranting?
(reading) “Why have you set aside your divine nature just to battle with a woman’s affections?” Did you ever hear such ranting? (reading) “When other men have wooed me, they didn’t hurt me.” In other words, she thinks I’m not a man, but an animal.