If the scorn of your bright eyneHave power to raise such love in mine,Alack, in me what strange effectWould they work in mild aspect?Whiles you chid me, I did love.How then might your prayers move?He that brings this love to theeLittle knows this love in me,And by him seal up thy mindWhether that thy youth and kindWill the faithful offer takeOf me, and all that I can make,Or else by him my love deny,And then I’ll study how to die.Call you this chiding?
(as Aliena) Alas, poor shepherd.Do you pity him? No, he deserves no pity.—Wilt thou love
such a woman? What, to make thee an instrument and play
false strains upon thee? Not to be endured. Well, go your
way to her, for I see love hath made thee a tame snake, and
say this to her: that if she love me, I charge her to love thee;
if she will not, I will never have her unless thou entreat for
her. If you be a true lover, hence and not a word, for here
comes more company.
Good morrow, fair ones. Pray you, if you know,Where in the purlieus of this forest standsA sheepcote fenced about with olive trees?#LBSFORGOLD
(reading) “If the scorn in your bright eyes can make me fall so deeply in love, can you imagine what power they might have if they looked at me more kindly? While you sneered at me, I loved you. Consider what effect kind prayers might have. The man that brings you this letter doesn’t know how I feel about you. Send me your answer via him. Tell me via him whether you will accept my faithful offer of myself and all that I can do. Or tell him you will deny my love, in which case I’ll figure out how to die.”You call this sneering?
(as Aliena) Oh, you poor shepherd!Why do you pity him? He doesn’t deserve any pity. (to SILVIUS) Why would you love such a woman? So she can turn you into an instrument and play lousy tunes on you? It’s unbearable. Well, go back to her—I can tell she’s turned you into a perfectly tame snake—and tell her this: if she loves me, I command her to love you. And if she won’t love you, tell her I’ll never take her unless you beg me to. If you’re a true lover, get out of here. No, don’t say another word, because here comes more company.Good morning, pretty ones. Tell me, if you know: where in this forest is there a shepherd’s cottage surrounded by olive trees?