Twice did he turn his back and purposed so,But kindness, nobler ever than revenge,And nature, stronger than his just occasion,Made him give battle to the lioness,Who quickly fell before him; in which hurtling,From miserable slumber I awaked.Are you his brother?Was ’t you he rescued?Was ’t you that did so oft contrive to kill him?'Twas I, but ’tis not I. I do not shameTo tell you what I was, since my conversionSo sweetly tastes, being the thing I am.But for the bloody napkin?By and by.When from the first to last betwixt us twoTears our recountments had most kindly bathed—As how I came into that desert place—In brief, he led me to the gentle duke,Who gave me fresh array and entertainment,Committing me unto my brother’s love,Who led me instantly unto his cave,There stripped himself, and here upon his armThe lioness had torn some flesh away,Which all this while had bled. And now he fainted,And cried in fainting upon Rosalind.Brief, I recovered him, bound up his wound,And after some small space, being strong at heart,#LBSFORGOLDHe turned away twice and almost left him there. But his kindness was nobler than even his desire for revenge, his natural goodness was stronger than his need to give his brother what he deserved. He fought the lioness and quickly defeated her. I woke from my miserable sleep when I heard the noise of their struggle.Are you his brother?Was it you that he rescued?Was it you that was always plotting to kill him?That was me, but it’s not me— I’m not ashamed to tell you what I once was, since I’m so happy to have since converted.But what about the bloody handkerchief?I’ll get there. When we had told each other our entire stories and cried, and I’d told him how I’d ended up in in the forest—well, he brought me to the duke, who gave me fresh clothing and hospitality, and put me in my brother’s care. My brother immediately took me to his cave, where he took off his clothing and there on his arm was a wound where the lioness had attacked him, ripping off some of his flesh. The wound had been bleeding the entire time. So, now he fainted, and as he fainted, he called out, “Rosalind!” Quickly, I resuscitated him and bound up his wound. After a brief time—as he is a strong, brave man—