And so am I for no woman.If this be so, why blame you me to love you?If this be so, why blame you me to love you?If this be so, why blame you me to love you?Why do you speak, too, “Why blame you me to love you?”?To her that is not here, nor doth not hear.Pray you, no more of this. 'Tis like the howling of Irish
wolves against the moon. (to  SILVIUS)  I will help you, if I
can. (to  PHOEBE)  I would love you if I could.—Tomorrow
meet me all together. (to  PHOEBE)  I will marry you if ever I
marry woman, and I’ll be married tomorrow. (to  ORLANDO)
							
I will satisfy you if ever I satisfy man, and you shall be
married tomorrow. (to  SILVIUS)  I will content you, if what
pleases you contents you, and you shall be married
tomorrow. (to  ORLANDO)  As you love Rosalind, meet. (to 
							
SILVIUS)  As you love Phoebe, meet.—And as I love no
woman, I’ll meet. So fare you well. I have left you
commands.
I’ll not fail, if I live.Nor I.Nor I.#LBSFORGOLDAnd I for no woman.Since you know all this is true, why do you blame me for loving you?And why do you blame me for loving you?And why do you blame me for loving you?Who are you talking to?I’m saying it to the girl who isn’t here and doesn’t hear me.All right, stop this. You sound like a pack of wolves howling at the moon. (to  SILVIUS)  I’ll help you, if I can. (to  PHOEBE)  If I could love you, I would. All of you, meet me here tomorrow. (to  PHOEBE)  If I’m ever going to marry a woman, I’ll marry you. And I am  getting married tomorrow. (to  ORLANDO)  If I will ever satisfy a man, I’ll satisfy you. And you will get married tomorrow. (to  SILVIUS)  If the thing you desire will make you happy, I’ll make you happy. And you’ll get married tomorrow. (to  ORLANDO)  By the love you have for Rosalind, come back tomorrow. (to  SILVIUS)  By the love you have for Phoebe, come here tomorrow.—And by my love for no woman, I’ll also be here tomorrow. So, goodbye for now. You all know what to do.As long as I’m alive, I’ll be here.Me too.Me too.