Monsieur the challenger, the Princess calls for you.I attend them with all respect and duty.Young man, have you challenged Charles the wrestler?No, fair princess. He is the general challenger. I come but
in as others do, to try with him the strength of my youth.
Young gentleman, your spirits are too bold for your years.
You have seen cruel proof of this man’s strength. If you saw
yourself with your eyes or knew yourself with your
judgment, the fear of your adventure would counsel you to
a more equal enterprise. We pray you for your own sake to
embrace your own safety and give over this attempt.
Do, young sir. Your reputation shall not therefore be
misprized. We will make it our suit to the duke that the
wrestling might not go forward.
I beseech you, punish me not with your hard thoughts,
wherein I confess me much guilty to deny so fair and
excellent ladies anything. But let your fair eyes and gentle
wishes go with me to my trial, wherein, if I be foiled, there
is but one shamed that was never gracious; if killed, but one
dead that was willing to be so. I shall do my friends no
wrong, for I have none to lament me; the world no injury,
for in it I have nothing. Only in the world I fill up a place
which may be better supplied when I have made it empty.
The little strength that I have, I would it were with you.And mine, to eke out hers.#LBSFORGOLDMister Challenger, the princess wants to speak to you.I’ll wait on them with all respect and duty.Young man, have you challenged Charles the Wrestler?No, lovely princess. He is the general challenger. I have only come in—like the others have—to try to fight him with the strength of my youth.Young gentleman, you are too bold for your age. You have seen the cruel proof of this man’s strength. If you took a good look at yourself, or if you thought about this more carefully, your fear would teach you to act more cautiously. We beg you, for your own sake, to respect your safety and give up.Please, young sir. We’ll make sure your reputation isn’t hurt; we’ll take it upon ourselves to argue with the duke that the wrestling match should be called off.I beg you not to think poorly of me—though I suppose anyone who could deny anything to such beautiful women deserves to be scorned. But please, send me good thoughts in this match. If I’m beaten, the shame is all mine, and I wasn’t in anyone’s good graces to begin with. If I’m killed, it will only be the death of a man who was willing to be dead. I won’t wrong any of my friends, because I don’t have any to mourn for me, and I won’t have wronged the world, because I don’t have anything in the world. In this world, I’m only taking up space. If I leave, maybe someone more worthy will fill it.I wish I could give you the little strength that I have.Mine too, to join hers.