My father loved Sir Rowland as his soul,And all the world was of my father’s mind.Had I before known this young man his son,I should have given him tears unto entreatiesEre he should thus have ventured.Gentle cousin,Let us go thank him and encourage him.My father’s rough and envious dispositionSticks me at heart.—Sir, you have well deserved.If you do keep your promises in loveBut justly, as you have exceeded all promise,Your mistress shall be happy.Gentleman,
(giving him a chain from her neck)
Wear this for me—one out of suits with fortuneThat could give more but that her hand lacks means.—Shall we go, coz?Ay.—Fare you well, fair gentleman.Can I not say “I thank you”? My better partsAre all thrown down, and that which here stands upIs but a quintain, a mere lifeless block.He calls us back. My pride fell with my fortunes.I’ll ask him what he would.—Did you call, sir?Sir, you have wrestled well and overthrownMore than your enemies.Will you go, coz?Have with you. Fare you well.#LBSFORGOLDMy father loved Sir Rowland as much as he loved his own soul, and the rest of the world shared my father’s opinion. If I had known this young man was his son, I would have tried harder to convince him not to fight.Gentle cousin, let’s go thank him and encourage him. My my father’s rude and envious behavior is like a knife through my heart. (to  ORLANDO)  Sir, you fought very well. If you live up to your potential in love as well, your wife will be a very happy woman.
(giving him a chain from her neck) Gentleman, wear this for me. I’m a woman who’s down on her luck, and I’d give more if I could. Shall we go, cousin?Yes. Good luck, fair gentleman.
(to himself)  Can’t I even say “thank you”? I left my brain back on the wrestling field. What’s left of me is a dummy, just a lifeless block.He’s calling us back. My prideRosalind implies that he conquered her as well, in the sense that she’s fallen in love with him.pride fell when my fortunes did; I’ll ask him what he wants.—Did you call us, sir? Sir, you wrestled well and conquered more than just your enemies.Will you come on, cousin?I’m coming. Farewell.