Now, sir, what make you here?Nothing. I am not taught to make anything.What mar you then, sir?Marry, sir, I am helping you to mar that which God made,
a poor unworthy brother of yours, with idleness.
Marry, sir, be better employed, and be naught awhile.Shall I keep your hogs and eat husks with them? What
prodigal portion have I spent that I should come to such
penury?
Know you where you are, sir?O sir, very well: here in your orchard.Know you before whom, sir?Ay, better than him I am before knows me. I know you are
my eldest brother, and in the gentle condition of blood you
should so know me. The courtesy of nations allows you my
better, in that you are the first-born, but the same tradition
takes not away my blood, were there twenty brothers
betwixt us. I have as much of my father in me as you, albeit,
I confess, your coming before me is nearer to his reverence.
#LBSFORGOLDHey, you! What are you makingOliver means “what are you doing here,” but Orlando interprets “making” in its usual sense.making here?Nothing. I’ve never been taught how to make anything.Well, then, what are you messing up?I’m helping you mess up one of God’s creations—your poor, unworthy brother—by having him do nothing.Indeed, sir, find something better to do and get lost for a while.Should I tend your pigs and eat husks with them? When did I wasteOrlando alludes to the prodigal son, a figure from the Bible who leaves home, spends all his money, and returns to his father’s house in poverty (Luke 15).waste so much money that I ended up this poor?Do you know where you are, sir?Yes, sir, very well—I’m here in your orchard.Do you know whom you’re talking to?Yes, better than you know me. I know you’re my oldest brother, and deserve more respect. But we’re in the same family, so you should acknowledge that I am a gentleman too. According to custom, as the first-born you are my superior. But it’s not customary to treat me like I’m not even a gentleman, even if there were twenty brothers between you and me. I have as much of our father in me as you do, though I admit you’re closer to him and matter more because you’re older.