I did not then entreat to have her stay.It was your pleasure and your own remorse.I was too young that time to value her,But now I know her. If she be a traitor,Why so am I. We still have slept together,Rose at an instant, learned, played, eat together,And, wheresoe'er we went, like Juno’s swansStill we went coupled and inseparable.She is too subtle for thee, and her smoothness,Her very silence and her patienceSpeak to the people, and they pity her.Thou art a fool. She robs thee of thy name,And thou wilt show more bright and seem more virtuousWhen she is gone. Then open not thy lips.Firm and irrevocable is my doomWhich I have passed upon her. She is banished.Pronounce that sentence then on me, my liege.I cannot live out of her company.You are a fool.—You, niece, provide yourself.If you outstay the time, upon mine honorAnd in the greatness of my word, you die.O my poor Rosalind, whither wilt thou go?Wilt thou change fathers? I will give thee mine.I charge thee, be not thou more grieved than I am.I have more cause.#LBSFORGOLDAt that time, I didn’t beg you to keep her here; you wanted her here, and you felt guilty. I was too young at the time to appreciate her value, but now I know her. If she’s a traitor, why then, so am I. We have always slept together, woken up together, learned, played, and eaten together. Wherever we went, we went together and inseparable.She’s too devious for you. Her smoothness, her silence, and her patient suffering appeal to the people, and they pity her. You’re a fool. She’s robbing you of the attention you deserve. You will seem even brighter and more virtuous when she’s out of the picture. So be quiet. The sentence I’ve passed down on her is firm and unshakeable. She is banished.Then lay that sentence on me too, my lord. I cannot live without her.You are a fool.—You, niece, prepare to leave. On my honor and by my word, if you outstay the ten days, you will die.Oh, my poor Rosalind, where will you go? Do you want to exchange fathers? I’ll give you mine. I insist, don’t be more distressed than I am.I have more reason to be distressed.