Thou hast not, cousin.Prithee, be cheerful. Know’st thou not the dukeHath banished me, his daughter?That he hath not.No, hath not? Rosalind lacks then the loveWhich teacheth thee that thou and I am one.Shall we be sundered? Shall we part, sweet girl?No, let my father seek another heir.Therefore devise with me how we may fly,Whither to go, and what to bear with us,And do not seek to take your change upon you,To bear your griefs yourself and leave me out.For, by this heaven, now at our sorrows pale,Say what thou canst, I’ll go along with thee.Why, whither shall we go?To seek my uncle in the Forest of Arden.Alas, what danger will it be to us,Maids as we are, to travel forth so far?Beauty provoketh thieves sooner than gold.I’ll put myself in poor and mean attireAnd with a kind of umber smirch my face.The like do you. So shall we pass alongAnd never stir assailants.Were it not better,Because that I am more than common tall,That I did suit me all points like a man?A gallant curtal-axe upon my thigh,A boar-spear in my hand, and in my heartLie there what hidden woman’s fear there will,We’ll have a swashing and a martial outside—As many other mannish cowards haveThat do outface it with their semblances.#LBSFORGOLDNo you haven’t, cousin. Please, be cheerful. Don’t you realize the duke has also banished me, his daughter?No, he hasn’t.Oh, he hasn’t? Well, then, you don’t have the affection that would teach you that you and I are one. Will we be separated? Should we part, sweet girl? No. Let my father find another heir. So, help me plan how we’ll escape, where we’ll go, and what we’ll take with us. Don’t even try to take this all upon yourself, bearing your grief alone and leaving me out. I swear by the heavens, which have grown pale in sympathy with us, I’m going with you, whatever you say.But where will we go?To the Forest of Arden, to find your father.But what danger we’ll put ourselves in, two young, innocent women traveling so far! Fresh beauty attracts thugs and thieves even more than money.I’ll put on some poor and ragged clothes and smudge my face with dirt. You do the same, and we’ll be able to travel without attracting any attackers' attention.Wouldn’t it be better—since I’m unusually tall for a woman—to dress myself like a man?I’ll wear a big sword in my belt, carry a boar-spear in my hand, and hide all my womanish fear in my heart. We’ll maintain a swaggering, warrior look, like so many cowardly men, whose manner has nothing to do with what they’re feeling.