Who’s there?What, my young master, O my gentle master,O my sweet master, O you memoryOf old Sir Rowland! Why, what make you here?Why are you virtuous? Why do people love you?And wherefore are you gentle, strong, and valiant?Why would you be so fond to overcomeThe bonny prizer of the humorous duke?Your praise is come too swiftly home before you.Know you not, master, to some kind of menTheir graces serve them but as enemies?No more do yours. Your virtues, gentle master,Are sanctified and holy traitors to you.Oh, what a world is this when what is comelyEnvenoms him that bears it!Why, what’s the matter?O unhappy youth,Come not within these doors. Within this roofThe enemy of all your graces lives.Your brother—no, no brother—yet the son—Yet not the son, I will not call him son—Of him I was about to call his fatherHath heard your praises, and this night he meansTo burn the lodging where you use to lie,And you within it. If he fail of that,He will have other means to cut you off.I overheard him and his practices.This is no place, this house is but a butchery.Abhor it, fear it, do not enter it.#LBSFORGOLDWho’s there?My young master! Oh, my gentle master! My sweet master! Oh, you living memory of old Sir Rowland! What are you doing here? Why are you so strong and good? Why do people love you? And why are you noble, strong, and brave? Why would you be so foolish as to beat the moody duke’s favorite champion? Your praise has beaten you home. Don’t you know, master, that some men’s best qualities do them in? Yours are like that—complete and utter traitors to you. Oh, what a world this is, when even what is beautiful in a man poisons him!Why, what’s the matter?Oh, unlucky boy! Don’t walk through these doors. In this house lives a man who despises all that is good in you. Oliver, your brother—no, not your brother; and yet he’s the son—but no, I won’t call him the son—of that great man I was about to call his father, has heard about how well you did in the wrestling match, and tonight he’s planning on burning your house down, with you in it. And if he fails at that, he will find other ways to kill you. I overheard him and his plans. This is no place for you; this home is now a slaughterhouse. Hate it, fear it, do not come inside.