Peace, I say. —Good even to you, friend.And to you, gentle sir, and to you all.I prithee, shepherd, if that love or goldCan in this desert place buy entertainment,Bring us where we may rest ourselves and feed.Here’s a young maid with travel much oppressed,And faints for succor.Fair sir, I pity herAnd wish, for her sake more than for mine own,My fortunes were more able to relieve her.But I am shepherd to another manAnd do not shear the fleeces that I graze.My master is of churlish dispositionAnd little recks to find the way to heavenBy doing deeds of hospitality.Besides, his cote, his flocks, and bounds of feedAre now on sale, and at our sheepcote now,By reason of his absence, there is nothingThat you will feed on. But what is, come see,And in my voice most welcome shall you be.What is he that shall buy his flock and pasture?That young swain that you saw here but erewhile,That little cares for buying anything.I pray thee, if it stand with honesty,Buy thou the cottage, pasture, and the flock,And thou shalt have to pay for it of us.#LBSFORGOLD
(to TOUCHSTONE) Stop it, I say.—Good evening to you, friend.Good evening to you, too, noble sir, and to all of you.Please sir, if love or money can buy anything in this empty place, tell us where we can rest and feed ourselves. We’ll pay you for the information. We have a young woman here who is very tired from traveling and faint with hunger.Dear sir, I pity the lady and wish—more for her sake than my own—that I was more able to help her. But I’m a hired hand: I don’t profit from the flocks I tend. My master is a brutish man and doesn’t care much if he gets to heaven by deeds of hospitality or not. Besides, his cottage, his flocks, and his grazing rights are on sale now, and since he’s not there, there’s nothing to eat at our house. But let’s see what’s on hand. If I have anything to say about it, you will be most welcome there.Who wants to buy the flock and the pasture?That young man who was just here. But he doesn’t really care about buying anything.Please, if you can do it without taking advantage of the young man, buy the cottage, pasture, and flock for us, and we’ll pay you for it.