How high a pitch his resolution soars!Thomas of Norfolk, what say’st thou to this?O, let my sovereign turn away his faceAnd bid his ears a little while be deaf,Till I have told this slander of his blood,How God and good men hate so foul a liar.Mowbray, impartial are our eyes and ears:Were he my brother, nay, my kingdom’s heir,As he is but my father’s brother’s son,Now, by my sceptre’s awe, I make a vow,Such neighbour nearness to our sacred bloodShould nothing privilege him, nor partializeThe unstooping firmness of my upright soul:He is our subject, Mowbray; so art thou:Free speech and fearless I to thee allow.Then, Bolingbroke, as low as to thy heart,Through the false passage of thy throat, thou liest.Three parts of that receipt I had for CalaisDisbursed I duly to his highness’ soldiers;The other part reserved I by consent,For that my sovereign liege was in my debtUpon remainder of a dear account,Since last I went to France to fetch his queen:Now swallow down that lie. For Gloucester’s death,I slew him not; but to my own disgraceNeglected my sworn duty in that case.For you, my noble Lord of Lancaster,The honourable father to my foeOnce did I lay an ambush for your life,A trespass that doth vex my grieved soulBut ere I last received the sacramentI did confess it, and exactly begg’dYour grace’s pardon, and I hope I had it.This is my fault: as for the rest appeall’d,It issues from the rancour of a villain,A recreant and most degenerate traitorWhich in myself I boldly will defend;And interchangeably hurl down my gageUpon this overweening traitor’s foot,To prove myself a loyal gentlemanEven in the best blood chamber’d in his bosom.In haste whereof, most heartily I prayYour highness to assign our trial day.#LBSFORGOLDHe is so determined! Thomas, how do you respond? I wish you would turn away and not listen till I’ve told this fellow, who disgraces his bloodline, how much God and good men hate liars like him. Mowbray, my eyes and ears are impartial, even if he were my brother, or even my heir, rather than just my cousin. I vow on my scepter that his relation to me doesn’t give him any advantage or prejudice me in his favor. He’s my subject, Mowbray, and so are you, so speak freely and without fear. Then, Bolingbroke, you lie from your heart up through your false throat. I gave three quarters of the money I received to the king’s soldiers. The other quarter I had permission to keep, because I was owed the money for my service in going to fetch the queen from France. Now take back your lie. As for Gloucester, I didn’t kill him, but I admit I disgracefully neglected my duty. I once laid in wait to kill you, my noble lord of Lancaster, the father of my enemy. It was a terrible sin and troubles me greatly. But I confessed it already and specifically begged your pardon, and I hoped you had forgiven me. That is my fault. As for the rest of the charges, they come from a villain’s evil nature, and I’ll defend myself against this faithless and cowardly traitor. I’ll throw my glove down onto this arrogant traitor’s foot, and I’ll show that I’m loyal even compared to this member of the royal bloodline. I therefore pray that your highness will assign a day for our duel soon.