Barkloughly castle call they this at hand?Yea, my lord. How brooks your grace the air,After your late tossing on the breaking seas?Needs must I like it well: I weep for joyTo stand upon my kingdom once again.Dear earth, I do salute thee with my hand,Though rebels wound thee with their horses’ hoofs:As a long-parted mother with her childPlays fondly with her tears and smiles in meeting,So, weeping, smiling, greet I thee, my earth,And do thee favours with my royal hands.Feed not thy sovereign’s foe, my gentle earth,Nor with thy sweets comfort his ravenous sense;But let thy spiders, that suck up thy venom,And heavy-gaited toads lie in their way,Doing annoyance to the treacherous feetWhich with usurping steps do trample thee:Yield stinging nettles to mine enemies;And when they from thy bosom pluck a flower,Guard it, I pray thee, with a lurking adderWhose double tongue may with a mortal touchThrow death upon thy sovereign’s enemies.Mock not my senseless conjuration, lords:This earth shall have a feeling and these stonesProve armed soldiers, ere her native kingShall falter under foul rebellion’s arms.#LBSFORGOLDDo they call this castle Barkloughly castle?Yes, my lord. How do you like it here, after you’ve been tossing about on the open seas?Of course I like it here. Standing here on my kingdom again makes me cry with joy. Dear earth, I salute you, even though insurgents are wounding you by riding their horses over you. Like a mother who has been away from her child for a long time, I cry and smile and greet you. Please, gentle earth, provide no nourishment or shelter for my enemies. Instead, let your venomous spiders and your toads get in their way. Put stinging nettlesA plant with jagged leaves covered with hairs that sting.nettles in their path. And when they pick a flower from the ground, let a poisonous snake bite and kill them. Lords, don’t make fun of me for asking this. The earth will have feelings, and these stones will turn into armed soldiers, before I, England’s legitimate king, let these terrible rebels defeat us.