Fear not, my lord: that Power that made you kingHath power to keep you king in spite of all.The means that heaven yields must be embraced,And not neglected; else, if heaven would,And we will not, heaven’s offer we refuse,The proffer’d means of succor and redress.He means, my lord, that we are too remiss;Whilst Bolingbroke, through our security,Grows strong and great in substance and in power.Discomfortable cousin! know’st thou notThat when the searching eye of heaven is hid,Behind the globe, that lights the lower world,Then thieves and robbers range abroad unseenIn murders and in outrage, boldly here;But when from under this terrestrial ballHe fires the proud tops of the eastern pinesAnd darts his light through every guilty hole,Then murders, treasons and detested sins,The cloak of night being pluck’d from off their backs,Stand bare and naked, trembling at themselves?So when this thief, this traitor, Bolingbroke,Who all this while hath revell’d in the nightWhilst we were wandering with the antipodes,Shall see us rising in our throne, the east,His treasons will sit blushing in his face,Not able to endure the sight of day,But self-affrighted tremble at his sin.Not all the water in the rough rude seaCan wash the balm off from an anointed king;The breath of worldly men cannot deposeThe deputy elected by the Lord:For every man that Bolingbroke hath press’dTo lift shrewd steel against our golden crown,God for his Richard hath in heavenly payA glorious angel: then, if angels fight,Weak men must fall, for heaven still guards the right.#LBSFORGOLDDon’t worry, my lord, the power that made you king is the same power that will keep you king in spite of all these troubles. We must embrace the opportunities that God gives us and not neglect them. Otherwise, we’re rejecting both God’s protection from these problems as well as his solution for them. What he means, my lord, is that we’re being neglectful because of overconfidence, while Bolingbroke is growing stronger.You are so discouraging, cousin! Don’t you know that at nighttime, when the sun has set, thieves roam the earth unseen, boldly committing murder and other crimes? But when the sun comes up and lights the treetops and every dark hole, then those same criminals stand trembling with no way to hide. So when this thief, this traitor Bolingbroke, who has been committing all these crimes during the nighttime, sees us coming up with the sun, he’ll be ashamed and will tremble at the light of day. All the water in an ocean can’t wash away a king’s right to the throne. Mere mortals can’t get rid of someone who has been appointed by God. For every solider Bolingbroke has enlisted to fight against me, God has given me an angel. And when angels fight, the weak men fall, since heaven always guards those who are right. 