Welcome, my lord how far off lies your power?Nor near nor farther off, my gracious lord,Than this weak arm: discomfort guides my tongueAnd bids me speak of nothing but despair.One day too late, I fear me, noble lord,Hath clouded all thy happy days on earth:O, call back yesterday, bid time return,And thou shalt have twelve thousand fighting men!To-day, to-day, unhappy day, too late,O’erthrows thy joys, friends, fortune and thy state:For all the Welshmen, hearing thou wert dead.Are gone to Bolingbroke, dispersed and fled.Comfort, my liege; why looks your grace so pale?But now the blood of twenty thousand menDid triumph in my face, and they are fled;And, till so much blood thither come again,Have I not reason to look pale and dead?All souls that will be safe fly from my side,For time hath set a blot upon my pride.Comfort, my liege; remember who you are.I had forgot myself; am I not king?Awake, thou coward majesty! thou sleepest.Is not the king’s name twenty thousand names?Arm, arm, my name! a puny subject strikesAt thy great glory. Look not to the ground,Ye favourites of a king: are we not high?High be our thoughts: I know my uncle YorkHath power enough to serve our turn. But who comes here?#LBSFORGOLDWelcome, my lord. How far away is your army?My army consists only of me, and I am too upset to talk of anything but despair. We are one day too late and have lost our chance of seeing happy times again. Oh, I wish it were still yesterday. If we could go back in time, we’d have twelve thousand men ready to fight on our side! Today, today—it is an unhappy day. Today has taken away any chance for joy, friends, wealth, and power. All the Welshmen heard that you were dead, and they’ve all joined Bolingbroke’s army.Cheer up, my lord. Why are you so pale?Only a moment ago, I had twenty thousand men fighting for me, and now they’ve all fled. Until they return, aren’t I allowed to look as pale as if I were dead? Anyone who wants to be safe flees from me, as recent events have tarnished my reputation.Cheer up, my lord. Don’t forget that you’re the king.I forgot. I’m the king, aren’t I? Awake, you cowardly king. You’re sleeping. Isn’t being the king worth as much as twenty thousand men? Prepare for action, my name! A young and weak subject is trying to damage your glory. Don’t hang your head low. You favorite men of the king—aren’t we high above them all? Then we should aim high as well: I know my uncle York has enough troops for our needs. But who’s coming now?