Too well, too well thou tell’st a tale so ill.Where is the Earl of Wiltshire? where is Bagot?What is become of Bushy? where is Green?That they have let the dangerous enemyMeasure our confines with such peaceful steps?If we prevail, their heads shall pay for it:I warrant they have made peace with Bolingbroke.Peace have they made with him indeed, my lord.O villains, vipers, damn’d without redemption!Dogs, easily won to fawn on any man!Snakes, in my heart-blood warm’d, that sting my heart!Three Judases, each one thrice worse than Judas!Would they make peace? terrible hell make warUpon their spotted souls for this offence!Sweet love, I see, changing his property,Turns to the sourest and most deadly hate:Again uncurse their souls; their peace is madeWith heads, and not with hands; those whom you curseHave felt the worst of death’s destroying woundAnd lie full low, graved in the hollow ground.Is Bushy, Green, and the Earl of Wiltshire dead?Ay, all of them at Bristol lost their heads.Where is the duke my father with his power?#LBSFORGOLDYou are describing these horrible things too vividly. Where is the Earl of Wiltshire? Where is Bagot? What happened to Bushy? Where is Green? They didn’t let the dangerous enemy cross over our territories without any opposition, did they? If we win, they’ll pay for their failures with their heads. I’ll bet they’ve made peace with Bolingbroke.Oh, yes, they’ve made peace, my lord.Oh, they are villains and vipers, damned without any hope for redemption! They’re like dogs that will suck up to anyone! They’re three JudasesThe disciple who betrayed Christ to Jewish authorities in return for thirty pieces of silver.Judases, but each three times worse than Judas! I hope their guilt-stained souls are punished terribly for what they’ve done!I see how your love turns into the deadliest of hatred. Please, take back your curses. Their peace wasn’t made by joining forces with Bolingbroke. It was made with God, when they were executed. They are all in their graves now.Are Bushy, Green, and the Earl of Wiltshire dead? Yes, they were all beheaded at Bristol.Where is my father with his army?