My lord, wise men ne’er sit and wail their woes,But presently prevent the ways to wail.To fear the foe, since fear oppresseth strength,Gives in your weakness strength unto your foe,And so your follies fight against yourself.Fear and be slain; no worse can come to fight:And fight and die is death destroying death;Where fearing dying pays death servile breath.My father hath a power; inquire of himAnd learn to make a body of a limb.Thou chidest me well: proud Bolingbroke, I comeTo change blows with thee for our day of doom.This ague fit of fear is over-blown;An easy task it is to win our own.Say, Scroop, where lies our uncle with his power?Speak sweetly, man, although thy looks be sour.Men judge by the complexion of the skyThe state and inclination of the day:So may you by my dull and heavy eye,My tongue hath but a heavier tale to say.I play the torturer, by small and smallTo lengthen out the worst that must be spoken:Your uncle York is join’d with Bolingbroke,And all your northern castles yielded up,And all your southern gentlemen in armsUpon his party.#LBSFORGOLDMy lord, wise men never sit and feel sorry for themselves but try to fix the causes of their sorrow. Since fear weakens you, fearing your enemy only works against you and helps your enemy. If you’re scared, you’ll die. That’s the worst that can happen in battle. But fighting and dying is a way of beating death, because then you die nobly. But being scared and dying gives death the victory.My father has soldiers. Let’s figure out where he is and make an army out of the men he has.Your scolding does me good. Proud Bolingbroke, I’ll exchange blows with you on our day of destiny. My fit of fear has passed. It should be easy to get our men together. Scroop, where is my uncle with his men? Tell me good news, man, even though you look bad.Men often determine what the day is going to be like by looking at the sky, so you should know by my dull and gloomy eyes that I’m about to deliver bad news. I’m acting like a torturer, drawing out the pain of what I have to say. Your uncle York has joined forces with Bolingbroke. They have possession of all your northern castles now, and all your men of rank in the south are fighting for them, too. 