To look so poorly and to speak so fair?Shall we call back Northumberland, and sendDefiance to the traitor, and so die?No, good my lord; let’s fight with gentle wordsTill time lend friends and friends their helpful swords.O God, O God! that e’er this tongue of mine,That laid the sentence of dread banishmentOn yon proud man, should take it off againWith words of sooth! O that I were as greatAs is my grief, or lesser than my name!Or that I could forget what I have been,Or not remember what I must be now!Swell’st thou, proud heart? I’ll give thee scope to beat,Since foes have scope to beat both thee and me.Northumberland comes back from Bolingbroke.What must the king do now? must he submit?The king shall do it: must he be deposed?The king shall be contented: must he loseThe name of king? o’ God’s name, let it go:I’ll give my jewels for a set of beads,My gorgeous palace for a hermitage,My gay apparel for an almsman’s gown,My figured goblets for a dish of wood,My sceptre for a palmer’s walking staff,My subjects for a pair of carved saintsAnd my large kingdom for a little grave,A little little grave, an obscure grave;Or I’ll be buried in the king’s highway,Some way of common trade, where subjects’ feetMay hourly trample on their sovereign’s head;For on my heart they tread now whilst I live;And buried once, why not upon my head?Aumerle, thou weep’st, my tender-hearted cousin!We’ll make foul weather with despised tears;Our sighs and they shall lodge the summer corn,And make a dearth in this revolting land.Or shall we play the wantons with our woes,And make some pretty match with shedding tears?As thus, to drop them still upon one place,Till they have fretted us a pair of gravesWithin the earth; and, therein laid,—there liesTwo kinsmen digg’d their graves with weeping eyes.Would not this ill do well? Well, well, I seeI talk but idly, and you laugh at me.Most mighty prince, my Lord Northumberland,What says King Bolingbroke? will his majestyGive Richard leave to live till Richard die?You make a leg, and Bolingbroke says ay.#LBSFORGOLDNo, my good lord. Let’s do battle with gentle words until we’ve had time to gather our friends and their weapons. Oh, God! It’s unbelievable that after sentencing that proud man to banishment, I would now lift his punishment with soothing words! I wish that I were as great as I am a sad, or that I weren’t a king. I wish I could forget that I’ve been a king, and that I must act like a king now. Is my heart beating faster? I’ll let it beat faster, since my enemies have the ability to beat both my heart and me.Northumberland is coming back from speaking to Bolingbroke. What must the king do now? Must the king surrender? He will do it. Must the king be overthrown? He will be happy. Must the king no longer be called king? In God’s name, he’ll renounce it. I’ll trade my jewels for a rosary, my gorgeous palace for a hermit’s dwelling, my nice clothes for a beggar’s shirt, my ornamented cups for a wooden dish, my scepter for a pilgrim’s cane, my subjects for a pair of carved saints, and trade my kingdom for a small and unmarked grave. Or bury me in a busy highway, where my subjects can trample my head constantly, since they are trampling my heart now while I’m still alive. Once I’m buried, why not trample on my head? Aumerle, my softhearted cousin, you are crying. We’ll use our tears to create violent storms, and with our sighs they will beat down the crops and cause famine in this rebellious land. Or shall we play with our woes and devise some clever game with our tears? We could keep them falling continually in one spot until they’ve carved us a pair of graves in the earth. We’d lie in the graves, and the tombstone would say “There lie two relatives who dug their graves with tears.” Wouldn’t that be a good game to play? Well, well, I speak foolishly, and you are laughing at me. My lord Northumberland, mighty prince, what does King Bolingbroke say? Will his majesty allow me to live until I die? You bow, and Bolingbroke decides. 