Hold thy peace:He that hath suffer’d this disorder’d springHath now himself met with the fall of leaf:The weeds which his broad-spreading leaves did shelter,That seem’d in eating him to hold him up,Are pluck’d up root and all by Bolingbroke,I mean the Earl of Wiltshire, Bushy, Green.What, are they dead?They are; and BolingbrokeHath seized the wasteful king. O, what pity is itThat he had not so trimm’d and dress’d his landAs we this garden! We at time of yearDo wound the bark, the skin of our fruit-trees,Lest, being over-proud in sap and blood,With too much riches it confound itself:Had he done so to great and growing men,They might have lived to bear and he to tasteTheir fruits of duty: superfluous branchesWe lop away, that bearing boughs may live:Had he done so, himself had borne the crown,Which waste of idle hours hath quite thrown down.What, think you then the king shall be deposed?Depress’d he is already, and deposed’Tis doubt he will be: letters came last nightTo a dear friend of the good Duke of York’s,That tell black tidings.#LBSFORGOLDBe quiet. The one who allowed this disordered mess to grow is now withering like a tree in autumn. The weeds that he sheltered with his leaves, and that seemed to prop him up while simultaneously destroying him, have been ripped up by Bolingbroke. I’m talking about the Earl of Wiltshire, Bushy, and Green. What, they are dead? They are, and Bolingbroke has taken the wasteful king into custody. Oh, it’s too bad that the king didn’t take care of his land as carefully as we tend this garden! At this time of year we pierce the bark, so that the fruit trees aren’t spoiled by too much of their own rich sap. If he had done the same thing to his men, who were spoiling from too much wealth and power, they might have served him better, and he would have profited. We cut the unnecessary branches off the trees, so that the ones that bear fruit will live. If he had done the same and cut away the unnecessary men in his service, he would still have the crown. But he wasted his time and lost it. What, do you think the king will be dethroned? He’s already been brought low, and it’s feared he’ll be dethroned. A dear friend of the Duke of York received letters last night with bad news. 