Call forth Bagot.Now, Bagot, freely speak thy mind;What thou dost know of noble Gloucester’s death,Who wrought it with the king, and who perform’dThe bloody office of his timeless end.Then set before my face the Lord Aumerle.Cousin, stand forth, and look upon that man.My Lord Aumerle, I know your daring tongueScorns to unsay what once it hath deliver’d.In that dead time when Gloucester’s death was plotted,I heard you say, ‘Is not my arm of length,That reacheth from the restful English courtAs far as Calais, to mine uncle’s head?’Amongst much other talk, that very time,I heard you say that you had rather refuseThe offer of an hundred thousand crownsThan Bolingbroke’s return to England;Adding withal how blest this land would beIn this your cousin’s death.Princes and noble lords,What answer shall I make to this base man?Shall I so much dishonour my fair stars,On equal terms to give him chastisement?Either I must, or have mine honour soil’dWith the attainder of his slanderous lips.There is my gage, the manual seal of death,That marks thee out for hell: I say, thou liest,And will maintain what thou hast said is falseIn thy heart-blood, though being all too baseTo stain the temper of my knightly sword.#LBSFORGOLDCall forward Bagot. Now, Bagot, speak freely. What do you know about noble Gloucester’s death? Who conspired with the king to do it, and who actually killed him? Bring Lord Aumerle forward. Cousin, stand in front and look at that man. My Lord Aumerle, I know you’re too brave to deny what you’ve already said. While Gloucester’s death was being plotted, I heard you say, “Isn’t my arm long enough to reach from the peaceful English court to Calais, to strike at my uncle’s head?” At that same time, I heard you say, among other things, that you would rather refuse a hundred thousand crowns than have Bolingbroke return to England. And you added that the country would be blessed if Bolingbroke, your cousin, died. Princes and noble lords, how should I respond to this lowly man? Should I dishonor my rank as a noble by chastising him on equal terms? I guess I must, or let him ruin my honor with this slanderous accusation. There is my glove, the symbol of your death. I say you lie, and I’ll confirm in combat that what you said is a lie, though I won’t stain my knightly sword with your common blood.