Bagot, forbear; thou shalt not take it up.Excepting one, I would he were the bestIn all this presence that hath moved me so.If that thy valour stand on sympathy,There is my gage, Aumerle, in gage to thine:By that fair sun which shows me where thou stand’st,I heard thee say, and vauntingly thou spakest itThat thou wert cause of noble Gloucester’s death.If thou deny’st it twenty times, thou liest;And I will turn thy falsehood to thy heart,Where it was forged, with my rapier’s point.Thou darest not, coward, live to see that day.Now by my soul, I would it were this hour.Fitzwater, thou art damn’d to hell for this.Aumerle, thou liest; his honour is as trueIn this appeal as thou art all unjust;And that thou art so, there I throw my gage,To prove it on thee to the extremest pointOf mortal breathing: seize it, if thou darest.An if I do not, may my hands rot offAnd never brandish more revengeful steelOver the glittering helmet of my foe!I task the earth to the like, forsworn Aumerle;And spur thee on with full as many liesAs may be holloa’d in thy treacherous earFrom sun to sun: there is my honour’s pawn;Engage it to the trial, if thou darest.#LBSFORGOLDBagot, restrain yourself. You will not retaliate. Except for Bolingbroke, I wish Bagot were the most noble person here to have angered me like this.If your courage depends on rank, there is my glove, Aumerle, to match your glove. I swear by the sun that shows me where you are that I heard you boast that you caused Gloucester’s death. Even if you deny it twenty times, you lie, and I’ll put that lie back in your heart, where it came from, with my sword.Coward, you wouldn’t dare do it. By my soul, I wish I could do it right now. Fitzwater, you’ll be damned to hell for this. Aumerle, you lie. His accusation is as true as your denial is false. And I’ll prove that you lie by throwing down my glove. Take it up, if you dare. If I don’t, may my hands rot away and never again lift my sword over the helmet of my enemy! I’ll throw down my glove to you, too, lying Aumerle. And I’ll accuse you of lying right in your ear, from sunrise to sunset. There’s my pledge of honor. Pick it up, if you dare. 