Who sets me else? by heaven, I’ll throw at all:I have a thousand spirits in one breast,To answer twenty thousand such as you.My Lord Fitzwater, I do remember wellThe very time Aumerle and you did talk.’Tis very true: you were in presence then;And you can witness with me this is true.As false, by heaven, as heaven itself is true.Surrey, thou liest.Dishonourable boy!That lie shall lie so heavy on my sword,That it shall render vengeance and revengeTill thou the lie-giver and that lie do lieIn earth as quiet as thy father’s skull:In proof whereof, there is my honour’s pawn;Engage it to the trial, if thou darest.How fondly dost thou spur a forward horse!If I dare eat, or drink, or breathe, or live,I dare meet Surrey in a wilderness,And spit upon him, whilst I say he lies,And lies, and lies: there is my bond of faith,To tie thee to my strong correction.As I intend to thrive in this new world,Aumerle is guilty of my true appeal:Besides, I heard the banish’d Norfolk sayThat thou, Aumerle, didst send two of thy menTo execute the noble duke at Calais.#LBSFORGOLDWho else challenges me? By heaven, I’ll throw my glove at you all. My breast holds a thousand spirits that can outmatch twenty thousand like you. My lord Fitzwater, I remember very well when you and Aumerle spoke. That’s true, you were there. And you can be my witness that this is true. It’s as false as heaven is true. Surrey, you lie. Dishonorable boy! Your lie will give such weight to my sword that it will attack you in revenge until you’re lying in the grave as quiet as your dead father. As proof, there’s my glove. Take it up, if you dare. You taunt me so foolishly! As easily as I dare to eat or drink or breathe or live, I dare to meet Surrey in a wild place and spit on him, all the while declaring that he lies. There is my response, so that you can’t run away from it. I intend to do well in this new kingdom, and Aumerle is guilty. Besides, I heard the banished Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Mowbray, say that you, Aumerle, sent two of your men to kill the noble duke at Calais. 