Well have you argued, sir; and, for your pains,Of capital treason we arrest you here.My Lord of Westminster, be it your chargeTo keep him safely till his day of trial.May it please you, lords, to grant the commons’ suit.Fetch hither Richard, that in common viewHe may surrender; so we shall proceedWithout suspicion.I will be his conduct.Lords, you that here are under our arrest,Procure your sureties for your days of answer.Little are we beholding to your love,And little look’d for at your helping hands.Alack, why am I sent for to a king,Before I have shook off the regal thoughtsWherewith I reign’d? I hardly yet have learn’dTo insinuate, flatter, bow, and bend my limbs:Give sorrow leave awhile to tutor meTo this submission. Yet I well rememberThe favours of these men: were they not mine?Did they not sometime cry, ‘all hail!’ to me?So Judas did to Christ: but he, in twelve,Found truth in all but one: I, in twelve thousand, none.God save the king! Will no man say amen?Am I both priest and clerk? well then, amen.God save the king! although I be not he;And yet, amen, if heaven do think him me.To do what service am I sent for hither?#LBSFORGOLDYou’ve argued well, and in return we’re arresting you for capital treason. My Lord of Westminster, it’s your responsibility to keep him safe until he goes on trial. My lords, please grant the commons’ suit. Bring Richard here, so that he can surrender in public. That way I can proceed without suspicion. I’ll escort him. You lords who are here under arrest, arrange for someone to pledge that you’ll be here for your trial. I don’t owe you anything, and I don’t expect to receive any love from you.Alas, why does the king call for me when I’ve only just resigned myself to give up the throne? I’ve hardly had time to learn to act like a subject, who has to indulge the king and bow to him. Give me some time with my sorrow so that I can learn how to submit to another. I still remember how these men used to serve me. Didn’t they once cry out, “All hail!” to me? But then so did Judas to Christ once. But Christ had eleven honest followers out of twelve. I don’t have one out of twelve thousand. God save the king! Won’t anyone say amen? Do I have to both give the blessing and affirm it? Well then, amen. God save the king! Even though I am not the king. And yet, I’ll say amen in case heaven still considers me the king. Why have you sent for me? 