To do that office of thine own good willWhich tired majesty did make thee offer,The resignation of thy state and crownTo Henry Bolingbroke.Give me the crown. Here, cousin, seize the crown;Here cousin:On this side my hand, and on that side yours.Now is this golden crown like a deep wellThat owes two buckets, filling one another,The emptier ever dancing in the air,The other down, unseen and full of water:That bucket down and full of tears am I,Drinking my griefs, whilst you mount up on high.I thought you had been willing to resign.My crown I am; but still my griefs are mine:You may my glories and my state depose,But not my griefs; still am I king of those.Part of your cares you give me with your crown.Your cares set up do not pluck my cares down.My care is loss of care, by old care done;Your care is gain of care, by new care won:The cares I give I have, though given away;They tend the crown, yet still with me they stay.#LBSFORGOLDYou have to give up your country and your crown to Henry Bolingbroke of your own free will, even though you’ve already given it over through your defeat. Give me the crown. Here, cousin, take the crown. Here cousin. I’ll put my hand on this side of it, and you put yours on the other. Now this golden crown looks like a well that has two buckets, and raising one causes the other to drop and fill up. One is empty and dances up in the air, while the other is down in the well and full of water. I’m the bucket at the bottom, full of tears, and you are the one risen to the top. I thought you were willing to give up the crown. I’m willing to give up my crown, but my sadness is still mine. You can take my glory and my royal status, but I still rule over my grief. You’ll lose some of those worries when you give the crown to me. Just because you gain those worries doesn’t mean I lose them. I’m worried by their loss and by what has happened. Your concern is the new responsibilities you are taking on. I’ll keep my worries even if I give away their cause, the crown. 