My lord, the mind of Bolingbroke is changed:You must to Pomfret, not unto the Tower.And, madam, there is order ta’en for you;With all swift speed you must away to France.Northumberland, thou ladder wherewithalThe mounting Bolingbroke ascends my throne,The time shall not be many hours of ageMore than it is ere foul sin gathering headShalt break into corruption: thou shalt think,Though he divide the realm and give thee half,It is too little, helping him to all;And he shall think that thou, which know’st the wayTo plant unrightful kings, wilt know again,Being ne’er so little urged, another wayTo pluck him headlong from the usurped throne.The love of wicked men converts to fear;That fear to hate, and hate turns one or bothTo worthy danger and deserved death.My guilt be on my head, and there an end.Take leave and part; for you must part forthwith.Doubly divorced! Bad men, you violateA twofold marriage, ’twixt my crown and me,And then betwixt me and my married wife.Let me unkiss the oath ’twixt thee and me;And yet not so, for with a kiss ’twas made.Part us, Northumberland; I toward the north,Where shivering cold and sickness pines the clime;My wife to France: from whence, set forth in pomp,She came adorned hither like sweet May,Sent back like Hallowmas or short’st of day.#LBSFORGOLDMy lord, Bolingbroke has changed his mind. You must go to PomfretA castle in Yorkshire.Pomfret instead of the tower. And madam, he’s made arrangements for you to go to France as quickly as possible. Northumberland, Bolingbroke is mounting my throne on your ladder, but it won’t take very long until you turn against each other. You’ll think that even though he gives you half the kingdom, it’s not enough, since you helped him get it all. And he’ll think that you, who knows how to put undeserving kings in the throne, will know how to remove him from the stolen throne. Wicked men’s love soon turns to fear, then to hate, and from there one or both of them will become dangerous and die a violent death. My guilt is on my own headAn allusion to the Jews who said at Jesus’ trial, “His death be upon our heads, and the heads of our children.”guilt is on my own head, and that’s an end to it. Say goodbye and separate, for you must depart shortly. Twice divorced! You force me to divorce my crown and now my wife. I can’t undo with a kiss the vows that bound us together, because they were sealed with a kiss. Separate us, Northumberland. I’ll go to the north, where cold and sickness afflict the region. And my wife goes to France, from where she came with celebration like the spring, and now is sent back like the dead of winter. 