And must we be divided? must we part?Ay, hand from hand, my love, and heart from heart.Banish us both and send the king with me.That were some love but little policy.Then whither he goes, thither let me go.So two, together weeping, make one woe.Weep thou for me in France, I for thee here;Better far off than near, be ne’er the near.Go, count thy way with sighs; I mine with groans.So longest way shall have the longest moans.Twice for one step I’ll groan, the way being short,And piece the way out with a heavy heart.Come, come, in wooing sorrow let’s be brief,Since, wedding it, there is such length in grief;One kiss shall stop our mouths, and dumbly part;Thus give I mine, and thus take I thy heart.Give me mine own again; ’twere no good partTo take on me to keep and kill thy heart.So, now I have mine own again, be gone,That I might strive to kill it with a groan.We make woe wanton with this fond delay:Once more, adieu; the rest let sorrow say.#LBSFORGOLDAnd do we have to be separated? Yes, my love, our hands and our hearts must be divided. Banish us both, and send the king with me. That might be an act of love, but it’s not a smart policy. Then wherever he goes, let me follow him. So the two of us together will make one big sorrow. Weep for me in France, and I’ll weep for you here. It’s better for us to be far away than near, and never near each other again. Go measure the distance in sighs, and I’ll do the same with groans. So the farther I go, the longer I will moan. Since my way is shorter, I’ll groan twice for every step I take and make the way longer with a sad heart. Come, let’s cut short this talk of grief, because we’ll have long enough to live with it. Let’s kiss once and quiet our mouths and part without any more words. I give you my heart and take yours with me. Give me my heart back. It will only kill your heart if I take it. So now that I have my own heart back, go, so I can try to kill my own with mourning. We’re only encouraging sorrow with this delay. Once more, goodbye. My grief will say the rest. 