Strike him, Aumerle. Poor boy, thou art amazed.Hence, villain! never more come in my sight.Give me my boots, I say.Why, York, what wilt thou do?Wilt thou not hide the trespass of thine own?Have we more sons? or are we like to have?Is not my teeming date drunk up with time?And wilt thou pluck my fair son from mine age,And rob me of a happy mother’s name?Is he not like thee? is he not thine own?Thou fond mad woman,Wilt thou conceal this dark conspiracy?A dozen of them here have ta’en the sacrament,And interchangeably set down their hands,To kill the king at Oxford.He shall be none;We’ll keep him here: then what is that to him?Away, fond woman! were he twenty times my son,I would appeach him.Hadst thou groan’d for himAs I have done, thou wouldst be more pitiful.But now I know thy mind; thou dost suspectThat I have been disloyal to thy bed,And that he is a bastard, not thy son:Sweet York, sweet husband, be not of that mind:He is as like thee as a man may be,Not like to me, or any of my kin,And yet I love him.#LBSFORGOLDHit himShe’s instructing her son to hit the servant.him, Aumerle! Poor boy, you are distraught. Go away, villain! Don’t come back. Give me my boots, I say. Why, York, what are you going to do? Won’t you hide the crime of your own child? Do we have any other sons? Are we likely to have more? Aren’t I too old to have children? And are you going to take away my son in my old age, so I can no longer call myself a mother? Doesn’t he look like you? Isn’t he your son? Foolish madwoman, will you try to cover up this terrible conspiracy? A dozen have sworn and signed here that they’ll kill the king at Oxford. He won’t be one of them. We’ll keep him here, and then what will this affair have to do with him? Get away, foolish woman! Even if he were my son twenty times over, I would accuse him. If you had gone through labor with him as I had, you would be more sorrowful. But now I know what you think. You think that I’ve cheated on you, and that he’s a bastard and not your son. Sweet York, my sweet husband, don’t think that way. He looks as much like you as anyone could. He doesn’t look anything like me, or like anyone in my family, but I still love him. 