So shall my virtue be his vice’s bawd;And he shall spend mine honour with his shame,As thriftless sons their scraping fathers’ gold.Mine honour lives when his dishonour dies,Or my shamed life in his dishonour lies:Thou kill’st me in his life; giving him breath,The traitor lives, the true man’s put to death.[Within] What ho, my liege! for God’s sake,let me in.What shrill-voiced suppliant makes this eager cry?A woman, and thy aunt, great king; ’tis I.Speak with me, pity me, open the door.A beggar begs that never begg’d before.Our scene is alter’d from a serious thing,And now changed to ‘The Beggar and the King.’My dangerous cousin, let your mother in:I know she is come to pray for your foul sin.If thou do pardon, whosoever pray,More sins for this forgiveness prosper may.This fester’d joint cut off, the rest rest sound;This let alone will all the rest confound.O king, believe not this hard-hearted man!Love loving not itself none other can.#LBSFORGOLDSo my virtue will pay for his vice, and as some bad sons spend all their fathers’ money, he’ll spend all my honor with his shame. My honor can only live if his dishonor dies, otherwise I will live in shame. By forgiving him you are killing me. If he lives, so does a traitor, and the loyal man is put to death. (speaking from off-stage) Hello, my lord! For God’s sake, let me in. What screeching beggar is there? A woman and your aunt, great king. It’s me. Please pity me. Open the door and talk to me. I, who have never begged before, am now a beggar. Suddenly the scene has changed from something serious to “The Beggar and the King.”An old English ballad that was popular in Shakespeare’s time.“The Beggar and the King.” My dangerous cousin, let your mother in. I know that she’s come to beg forgiveness for your terrible crime. No matter who prays, if you forgive this crime, only more will follow. By cutting off this infected limb you’ll keep the rest of the body healthy. It’s the only way to keep this sickness from spreading. Oh, king, don’t believe this hardhearted man! If he can’t love his son, he is incapable of loving anyone. 