Hail, royal prince!Thanks, noble peer;The cheapest of us is ten groats too dear.What art thou? and how comest thou hither,Where no man never comes but that sad dogThat brings me food to make misfortune live?I was a poor groom of thy stable, king,When thou wert king; who, travelling towards York,With much ado at length have gotten leaveTo look upon my sometimes royal master’s face.O, how it yearn’d my heart when I beheldIn London streets, that coronation-day,When Bolingbroke rode on roan Barbary,That horse that thou so often hast bestrid,That horse that I so carefully have dress’d!Rode he on Barbary? Tell me, gentle friend,How went he under him?So proudly as if he disdain’d the ground.So proud that Bolingbroke was on his back!That jade hath eat bread from my royal hand;This hand hath made him proud with clapping him.Would he not stumble? would he not fall down,Since pride must have a fall, and break the neckOf that proud man that did usurp his back?Forgiveness, horse! why do I rail on thee,Since thou, created to be awed by man,Wast born to bear? I was not made a horse;And yet I bear a burthen like an ass,Spurr’d, gall’d and tired by jouncing Bolingbroke.#LBSFORGOLDHello, royal prince! Thanks, my noble peer. You overvalue me, for we are equals and worth the same. Who are you, and how have you come here? My only visitor is that man who keeps my misfortune alive by bringing me food. I was a poor groom in your stable, king, when you were king. I was traveling toward York, and after a great deal of trouble I got permission to see my former master’s face. Oh, how it saddened me when I saw Bolingbroke ride into London that coronation day on Barbary, the horse you’ve ridden so often and which I’d so often made ready for you! Did he ride on Barbary? Tell me, dear friend, how did the horse do? He pranced as proudly as if he scorned the earth. So proud to have Bolingbroke on his back! He had eaten bread from my hand, and I made him proud by patting his neck. Shouldn’t he stumble? Shouldn’t he fall down and break the neck of the man that stole my throne? I forgive you, horse! Why should I curse you, since you were created to fear man and carry him. I was not made like a horse, but I carry a burden like a donkey, and I’m kicked and exhausted from carrying rough-riding Bolingbroke. 