The grand conspirator, Abbot of Westminster,With clog of conscience and sour melancholyHath yielded up his body to the grave;But here is Carlisle living, to abideThy kingly doom and sentence of his pride.Carlisle, this is your doom:Choose out some secret place, some reverend room,More than thou hast, and with it joy thy life;So as thou livest in peace, die free from strife:For though mine enemy thou hast ever been,High sparks of honour in thee have I seen.Great king, within this coffin I presentThy buried fear: herein all breathless liesThe mightiest of thy greatest enemies,Richard of Bordeaux, by me hither brought.Exton, I thank thee not; for thou hast wroughtA deed of slander with thy fatal handUpon my head and all this famous land.From your own mouth, my lord, did I this deed.They love not poison that do poison need,Nor do I thee: though I did wish him dead,I hate the murderer, love him murdered.The guilt of conscience take thou for thy labour,But neither my good word nor princely favour:With Cain go wander through shades of night,And never show thy head by day nor light.#LBSFORGOLDThe Abbot of Westminster, who conspired against you, has died. But here is Carlisle, alive, to hear your judgment on him. Carlisle, here is your sentence: pick some secret place where you can live out your life in peace and die without violence. Even though you’ve always been my enemy, I’ve seen that you are a man of great honor. Great king, here is your greatest fear now buried inside this coffin. In it lies without breathing your greatest enemy, Richard of Bordeaux, brought here by me. Exton, I don’t thank you. By killing him, you’ve done a disgrace to my name and to our country. I did this on your own command. Those who need to poison someone still don’t love poison. Even though I wanted him dead, I hate the man who murdered him, and now I love the man who has been murdered. You can take your guilty conscience as payment. I won’t give you any praise or royal favors. Go wander the night like CainIn the Book of Genesis, Cain kills his brother, Abel, and, as punishment, God orders him to wander the earth for the rest of his life. Cain is considered the world’s first murderer.Cain, and don’t show your face here again. 