My Lord Aumerle, is Harry Hereford arm’d?Yea, at all points; and longs to enter in.The Duke of Norfolk, sprightfully and bold,Stays but the summons of the appellant’s trumpet.Why, then, the champions are prepared, and stayFor nothing but his majesty’s approach.Marshal, demand of yonder championThe cause of his arrival here in arms:Ask him his name and orderly proceedTo swear him in the justice of his cause.In God’s name and the king’s, say who thou artAnd why thou comest thus knightly clad in arms,Against what man thou comest, and what thy quarrel:Speak truly, on thy knighthood and thy oath;As so defend thee heaven and thy valour!My name is Thomas Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk;Who hither come engaged by my oath—Which God defend a knight should violate!—Both to defend my loyalty and truthTo God, my king and my succeeding issue,Against the Duke of Hereford that appeals meAnd, by the grace of God and this mine arm,To prove him, in defending of myself,A traitor to my God, my king, and me:And as I truly fight, defend me heaven!#LBSFORGOLDMy Lord Aumerle, does Harry Hereford have his weapons? Yes, completely, and he wants to begin. The spirited and bold Duke of Norfolk is just waiting for his accuser’s summons. Why, then, they are both ready, and we’re only waiting on the king’s entrance. Marshal, ask the combatant why he’s come here with weapons. Ask him his name and make him swear in accordance with the rules that his mission is one of justice. In God’s name and the king’s, tell us who you are and why you have come here with armor and weapons. Who is your opponent, and what is your quarrel? Tell us the truth, as you’ve sworn on your knighthood. Make your defense. My name is Thomas Mowbray, the Duke of Norfolk. I’ve come as I had sworn to— God forbid a knight breaks his oath! I’m here both to defend my loyalty and the truth of my testimony to God, my king, and any children that I might have. With the grace of God and my ability to fight, I’ll prove that my opponent, the Duke of Hereford, is a traitor to God, the king, and to me. And may heaven protect me, since I fight with honor! 