Cousin, farewell: what presence must not know,From where you do remain let paper show.My lord, no leave take I; for I will ride,As far as land will let me, by your side.O, to what purpose dost thou hoard thy words,That thou return’st no greeting to thy friends?I have too few to take my leave of you,When the tongue’s office should be prodigalTo breathe the abundant dolour of the heart.Thy grief is but thy absence for a time.Joy absent, grief is present for that time.What is six winters? they are quickly gone.To men in joy; but grief makes one hour ten.Call it a travel that thou takest for pleasure.My heart will sigh when I miscall it so,Which finds it an inforced pilgrimage.The sullen passage of thy weary stepsEsteem as foil wherein thou art to setThe precious jewel of thy home return.Nay, rather, every tedious stride I makeWill but remember me what a deal of worldI wander from the jewels that I love.Must I not serve a long apprenticehoodTo foreign passages, and in the end,Having my freedom, boast of nothing elseBut that I was a journeyman to grief?#LBSFORGOLDCousin, goodbye. Send me a letter telling me where you are, since I won’t be able to hear it from you in person.My lord, I won’t say goodbye. I’ll ride with you as far as I can. Why are you remaining silent? Won’t you say goodbye to your friends? I should be able to tell you in several ways how sad I feel, but I have no words to express how sad I feel in saying goodbye to you. Your grief is just that you’ll be absent for a time. With joy gone, grief will take up that whole time. Six years will go by quickly. To a happy man they would pass quickly, but with sorrow one hour feels like ten. Think of it as a pleasure trip. To pretend it is a vacation will only make it worse.Think of these sorrowful years as a way to make your return home even happier. No, every step I take away will only remind me how far I am from what I love. I’ll be serving so many long years in a foreign land, and, other than my freedom, I’ll have nothing to show for it at the end. 