[to John of Gaunt]The king is come: deal mildly with his youth;For young hot colts being raged do rage the more.How fares our noble uncle, Lancaster?What comfort, man? how is’t with aged Gaunt?O how that name befits my composition!Old Gaunt indeed, and gaunt in being old:Within me grief hath kept a tedious fast;And who abstains from meat that is not gaunt?For sleeping England long time have I watch’d;Watching breeds leanness, leanness is all gaunt:The pleasure that some fathers feed upon,Is my strict fast; I mean, my children’s looks;And therein fasting, hast thou made me gaunt:Gaunt am I for the grave, gaunt as a grave,Whose hollow womb inherits nought but bones.Can sick men play so nicely with their names?No, misery makes sport to mock itself:Since thou dost seek to kill my name in me,I mock my name, great king, to flatter thee.Should dying men flatter with those that live?No, no, men living flatter those that die.Thou, now a-dying, say’st thou flatterest me.#LBSFORGOLD(to John of Guant) The king is here. Go easy with him. He is young and easy to make angry, and if you give him a hard time, you’re likely to do nothing but make him angrier.How are you, John of Gaunt? Yes, John of Gaunt, tell us how you are.My name is Gaunt, and I feel gaunt. I am gaunt because of my old age. And who can go without food and not be gaunt? I have stayed awake and watched England crumble for a long time, and from all the lack of sleep I’ve grown gaunt. Fathers receive nourishment from seeing their children, and since I can’t see my child it has made me gaunt. I’m ready for my grave, and when I’m laid in it I’ll be nothing but bones.Can men who are really sick play so subtly with their names?Misery likes to make fun of itself. And I thought you might enjoy listening to me make fun of my name since you are banishing my son, who, of course, shares my name.Should dying men try to amuse the living?No, no, the living should try to amuse the dying.You, who are dying, tell me that you’re trying to please me.