Nay, speak thy mind; and let him ne’er speak moreThat speaks thy words again to do thee harm!Tends that thou wouldst speak to the Duke of Hereford?If it be so, out with it boldly, man;Quick is mine ear to hear of good towards him.No good at all that I can do for him;Unless you call it good to pity him,Bereft and gelded of his patrimony.Now, afore God, ’tis shame such wrongs are borneIn him, a royal prince, and many moeOf noble blood in this declining land.The king is not himself, but basely ledBy flatterers; and what they will inform,Merely in hate, ’gainst any of us all,That will the king severely prosecute’Gainst us, our lives, our children, and our heirs.The commons hath he pill’d with grievous taxes,And quite lost their hearts: the nobles hath he finedFor ancient quarrels, and quite lost their hearts.And daily new exactions are devised,As blanks, benevolences, and I wot not what:But what, o’ God’s name, doth become of this?Wars have not wasted it, for warr’d he hath not,But basely yielded upon compromiseThat which his noble ancestors achieved with blows:More hath he spent in peace than they in wars.#LBSFORGOLDSpeak your mind. And if anyone uses what you say against you, let that person never speak again!Are you going to say something about the Duke of Hereford? If so, say it, man! I am always eager to hear good things about him.I can’t do him any good, unless it’s good to pity him, since he’s now deprived of his inheritance.With God as my witness, I say it’s a shame that such wrongs have been done to him and to others of royal blood in this crumbling land. The king is not acting like himself. He’s being deceived by his group of flatterers. Purely out of hatred they make accusations against us, leading the king to persecute us and our children.He’s taxed the common people heavily, and they’ve turned against him. He’s also fined the nobles for old grudges and turned them against him, as well.Every day he devises new ways of forcing people to pay, like mandatory loans and I don’t know what else. What, in God’s name, is he doing with all of this money?He hasn’t spent the money on wars because he hasn’t waged any wars. He has shamefully compromised with our enemies and given away what our ancestors won in battle. He’s spent more in peacetime than they did in wartime.