It may be so; but yet my inward soulPersuades me it is otherwise: howe’er it be,I cannot but be sad; so heavy sadAs, though on thinking on no thought I think,Makes me with heavy nothing faint and shrink.’Tis nothing but conceit, my gracious lady.’Tis nothing le conceit is still derivedFrom some forefather grief; mine is not so,For nothing had begot my something grief;Or something hath the nothing that I grieve:’Tis in reversion that I do possess;But what it is, that is not yet known; whatI cannot name; ‘tis nameless woe, I wot.God save your majesty! and well met, gentlemen:I hope the king is not yet shipp’d for Ireland.Why hopest thou so? ’tis better hope he is;For his designs crave haste, his haste good hope:Then wherefore dost thou hope he is not shipp’d?That he, our hope, might have retired his power,And driven into despair an enemy’s hope,Who strongly hath set footing in this land:The banish’d Bolingbroke repeals himself,And with uplifted arms is safe arrivedAt Ravenspurgh.#LBSFORGOLDThat may be true, but my instinct tells me otherwise. Whatever the case, I feel nothing but grief. In fact, I feel so sad that even when I’m not thinking about anything at all I feel woefully faint and weak.That’s nothing but your imagination, my queen.Far from it. Imaginary feelings of grief are always the result of some real, prior grief. But that’s not my situation, as nothing has happened to me to cause my grief. My grief is reversed: I feel a grief whose cause I haven’t experienced yet. But I don’t know what that is. I can’t name it. All I know is that it’s a nameless sadness.God save the queen! And good to see you, too, gentlemen. I hope the king hasn’t left yet for Ireland.Why do you hope that? It’s better if he has since his plans require that he act quickly, so why do you hope he hasn’t sailed?Our hope is that he might have brought his forces back from Ireland and caused our enemy, Bolingbroke, to give up. Even though he is exiled he has returned to England. He and a strong army have arrived safely to Ravenspurgh ready to fight. 