Here comes the Duke of York.With signs of war about his aged neck:O, full of careful business are his looks!Uncle, for God’s sake, speak comfortable words.Should I do so, I should belie my thoughts:Comfort’s in heaven; and we are on the earth,Where nothing lives but crosses, cares and grief.Your husband, he is gone to save far off,Whilst others come to make him lose at home:Here am I left to underprop his land,Who, weak with age, cannot support myself:Now comes the sick hour that his surfeit made;Now shall he try his friends that flatter’d him.My lord, your son was gone before I came.He was? Why, so! go all which way it will!The nobles they are fled, the commons they are cold,And will, I fear, revolt on Hereford’s side.Sirrah, get thee to Plashy, to my sister Gloucester;Bid her send me presently a thousand pound:Hold, take my ring.My lord, I had forgot to tell your lordship,To-day, as I came by, I called there;But I shall grieve you to report the rest.#LBSFORGOLDHere comes the Duke of York.His old neck shows signs of war. Oh, his face is full of anxiety! Uncle, for God’s sake, give us good news. If I were to give you good news, I would be hiding my real thoughts. Good news is in heaven, and we are on earth, where nothing lives but trials, anxieties, and sorrow. Your husband has gone to protect his rule in Ireland, while others have come here to take it from him in England. Here I am, too old to support myself, left to prop up his country. The bad times that we thought his overindulgent ways would bring have arrived. Now his friends will be tested.My lord, your son was gone before I arrived.
The nobles have fled, the commoners aren’t concerned, and they will likely fight on Hereford’s side.  Sir, get thee to Plashy, to my sister-in-law Gloucester. Tell her to send me one thousand pounds right away. Wait, take my ringTo prove the servant comes from the Duke of York.ring. My lord, I forgot to tell you, I went by her house today. But it will upset you if I tell you the rest. 