What is’t, knave?An hour before I came, the duchess died.God for his mercy! what a tide of woesComes rushing on this woeful land at once!I know not what to do: I would to God,So my untruth had not provoked him to it,The king had cut off my head with my brother’s.What, are there no posts dispatch’d for Ireland?How shall we do for money for these wars?Come, sister,—cousin, I would say—pray, pardon me.Go, fellow, get thee home, provide some cartsAnd bring away the armour that is there.Gentlemen, will you go muster men?If I know how or which way to order these affairsThus thrust disorderly into my hands,Never believe me. Both are my kinsmen:The one is my sovereign, whom both my oathAnd duty bids defend; the other againIs my kinsman, whom the king hath wrong’d,Whom conscience and my kindred bids to right.Well, somewhat we must do. Come, cousin, I’llDispose of you.Gentlemen, go, muster up your men,And meet me presently at Berkeley.I should to Plashy too;But time will not permit: all is uneven,And every thing is left at six and seven.#LBSFORGOLDWhat is it, boy?An hour before I got there, your sister-in-law died.God have mercy! What a tide of troubles comes rushing over this land all at once! I don’t know what to do. I wish to God that the king had cut off my head when he cut off my brother’s. Has no one sent any messengers to Ireland yet? How are we going to pay for these wars? Come, sister—or I should say, cousin. Excuse me. (to the servant) Go home, fellow, and find some carts and bring the armor that’s there. Gentlemen, will you go round up some men? I don’t know what I should do now. Both Richard and Bolingbroke are my kinsmen. One is my king, to whom I’ve pledged allegiance and have a duty to defend. The other is my kinsman, whom the king has mistreated. My conscience and my family bonds tell me to right those wrongs. Well, we’ve got to do something. (to the queen) Come, cousin, I’ll make arrangements for you. Gentlemen, go and round up some men and meet me at Berkeley Castle. I should go to Plashy, too, but there isn’t enough time. Everything is in chaos.