I thank thee, gentle Percy; and be sureI count myself in nothing else so happyAs in a soul remembering my good friends;And, as my fortune ripens with thy love,It shall be still thy true love’s recompense:My heart this covenant makes, my hand thus seals it.How far is it to Berkeley? and what stirKeeps good old York there with his men of war?There stands the castle, by yon tuft of trees,Mann’d with three hundred men, as I have heard;And in it are the Lords of York, Berkeley, and Seymour;None else of name and noble estimate.Here come the Lords of Ross and Willoughby,Bloody with spurring, fiery-red with haste.Welcome, my lords. I wot your love pursuesA banish’d traitor: all my treasuryIs yet but unfelt thanks, which more enrich’dShall be your love and labour’s recompense.Your presence makes us rich, most noble lord.And far surmounts our labour to attain it.Evermore thanks, the exchequer of the poor;Which, till my infant fortune comes to years,Stands for my bounty. But who comes here?#LBSFORGOLDThank you, kind Percy. I count myself happiest when remembering my good friends. I know that the reward for your love will be to witness how it helps me find greater success. My heart makes this promise to you, and this handshake seals that promise.How far is it to Berkeley? And what events keep good old York there with his soldiers?There’s the castle, over by that group of trees. I’ve heard that it’s protected by three hundred men, and that the Lord of York, the Lord of Berkeley, and the Lord of Seymour are there. There’s no one else of title and noble reputation inside.Here come the Lord of Ross and the Lord of Willoughby. They are bloody from sticking their spurs so hard into their horses, and their faces are red from riding here so fast. Welcome, my lords. I know that you’ve followed me here out of love for me. Right now I can only pay you with my thanks, but once I have money I’ll repay your love and hard work.We are rich enough from just being here with you here, most noble lord.And that richness is much more than anything we could earn by working.The poor earn their wealth in the form of gratitude. Until my young fortune matures, that gratitude will have to take the place of riches. But who’s coming now?