(to SOLANIO and SALARINO) Gentlemen, my master
Antonio is at his house and desires to speak with you
both.
We have been up and down to seek him.Here comes another of the tribe. A third cannot be
matched unless the devil himself turn Jew.
How now, Tubal? What news from Genoa? Hast thou
found my daughter?
I often came where I did hear of her, but cannot find her.Why, there, there, there, there! A diamond gone cost me
two thousand ducats in Frankfurt—the curse never fell
upon our nation till now! I never felt it till now—Two
thousand ducats in that, and other precious, precious
jewels. I would my daughter were dead at my foot and the
jewels in her ear! Would she were hearsed at my foot and
the ducats in her coffin! No news of them? Why, so. And
I know not what’s spent in the search. Why thou, loss
upon loss! The thief gone with so much, and so much to
find the thief—and no satisfaction, no revenge. Nor no ill
luck stirring but what lights o' my shoulders, no sighs but
o' my breathing, no tears but o' my shedding.
#LBSFORGOLD
(to SOLANIO and
        SALARINO) My master Antonio is at his house and would like to
        speak to you both.We’ve been looking for him everywhere.Here comes another Jew. You couldn’t find a third like these two unless the
        devil himself turned into a Jew.Hello, Tubal. Any news from Genoa? Did you find my daughter?I went to many places where I heard news about her, but I couldn’t find
       her.Oh, oh, oh! One of the stolen diamonds cost me two thousand ducats in Frankfurt! I
        never felt the curse of the Jews until now. I never felt it until now—two
        thousand ducats in that diamond, and other precious, precious jewels! I wish my daughter
        were dead at my feet wearing those jewels! I wish she were in her coffin here, with the
        ducats in her coffin! You couldn’t find out anything about them? Why? I
        don’t even know how much I’m spending to find them. Loss upon loss! The
        thief left with so much, and I’m spending so much to hunt down the
        thief—and still I’m not satisfied! I haven’t gotten my
        revenge. The only luck I have is bad luck. Nobody suffers but me. Nobody’s crying
        except me.