
(to BASSANIO) I pray you,
        tarry. Pause a day or twoBefore you hazard, for in choosing wrongI lose your company. Therefore forbear awhile.There’s something tells me—but it is not love—I would not lose you, and you know yourselfHate counsels not in such a quality.But lest you should not understand me well—And yet a maiden hath no tongue but thought—I would detain you here some month or twoBefore you venture for me. I could teach youHow to choose right, but I am then forsworn.So will I never be. So may you miss me.But if you do, you’ll make me wish a sin,That I had been forsworn. Beshrew your eyes,They have o'erlooked me and divided me.One half of me is yours, the other half yours—Mine own, I would say. But if mine, then yours,And so all yours. Oh, these naughty timesPut bars between the owners and their rights!And so, though yours, not yours. Prove it so.Let Fortune go to hell for it, not I.I speak too long, but ’tis to peize the time,To eke it and to draw it out in length,To stay you from election.    Let me choose,For as I am, I live upon the rack.Upon the rack, Bassanio? Then confessWhat treason there is mingled with your love.#LBSFORGOLD
(to BASSANIO) Please wait
        a day or two before making your choice. If you choose wrong, I’ll lose your
        company. So wait a while. Something tells me—not love, but
        something—that I don’t want to lose you, and you know that if I hated
        you I wouldn’t think that. But let me put it more clearly in case you
        don’t understand—though I know girls aren’t supposed to
        express their thoughts—I’m just saying I’d like you to stay
        here for a month or two before you undergo the test for me. I could tell you how to choose
        correctly, but then I’d be disregarding the oath I took. So I’ll never
        tell. But you might lose me by making the wrong choice. If you do choose wrong,
        you’ll make me wish for something very bad. I’d wish I had ignored my oath
        and told you everything. God, your eyes have bewitched me. They’ve divided me in
        two. One half of me is yours, and the other half—my own half, I’d call
        it—belongs to you too. If it’s mine, then it’s yours, and so
        I’m all yours. But in this awful day and age people don’t even have the
        right to their own property! So though I’m yours, I’m not yours. If
        there’s no chance for me to be yours, then it’s just bad luck. I know
        I’m talking too much, but I do that just to make the time last longer, and to
        postpone your test.Let me choose now. I feel tortured by all this talking.Tortured, BassanioPortia and Bassanio are role-playing here, pretending to be torturer and victim.Bassanio? Then confess to your crime. Tell us about the treason you’ve mixed in with
        your love.