And be my vantage to exclaim on you.
(gives BASSANIO
       a ring)
Madam, you have bereft me of all words.Only my blood speaks to you in my veins.And there is such confusion in my powersAs after some oration fairly spokeBy a belovèd prince there doth appearAmong the buzzing pleasèd multitude,Where every something, being blent together,Turns to a wild of nothing, save of joy,Expressed and not expressed. But when this ringParts from this finger, then parts life from hence.O, then be bold to say Bassanio’s dead!My lord and lady, it is now our time,That have stood by and seen our wishes prosper,To cry, “Good joy, good joy, my lord and lady!”My Lord Bassanio and my gentle lady,I wish you all the joy that you can wish,For I am sure you can wish none from me.And when your honors mean to solemnizeThe bargain of your faith, I do beseech youEven at that time I may be married too.With all my heart, so thou canst get a wife.I thank your lordship, you have got me one.My eyes, my lord, can look as swift as yours.You saw the mistress, I beheld the maid.You loved, I loved. For intermissionNo more pertains to me, my lord, than you.Your fortune stood upon the casket there,And so did mine too, as the matter falls.For wooing here until I sweat again,And swearing till my very roof was dryWith oaths of love, at last—if promise last—I got a promise of this fair one hereTo have her love, provided that your fortuneAchieved her mistress.#LBSFORGOLDIf you ever give away this ring or lose it, it means our love’s doomed, and
        I’ll have a right to be angry with you.
(she gives BASSANIO
        the ring)
Madam, you’ve left me speechless, but my feelings are responding to your
        words. I’m as confused as a crowd of people going wild after hearing their prince
        give a speech. But the day I take this ring off will be the day I die. If you see me without
        it, you can be confident I’m dead.My lord and lady, it’s now our turn, who have been watching as our dreams came
        true. Now we can shout, “Congratulations, congratulations, my lord and
        lady!”My Lord Bassanio, and my dear lady, I wish you all the joy I can wish for. And when you
        get married, I hope I can be married at the same time.Absolutely, if you can find a wife by then.I think I’ve found one already, thanks to you, my lord. I can fall in love
        just as quickly as you can, and I loved Nerissa as soon as I laid eyes on her. You fell in
        love with Portia, and I fell in love with Nerissa, because I’m not in the habit of
        delaying any more than you are, my lord. Your fate depended on those boxes, and it turns out
        that mine did too. I couldn’t help but chase her. I started making love vows to her
        till my mouth was dry. Then finally she said she loved me and would marry me if you two got
        married as well.