In Belmont is a lady richly left,And she is fair and—fairer than that word—Of wondrous virtues. Sometimes from her eyesI did receive fair speechless messages.Her name is Portia, nothing undervaluedTo Cato’s daughter, Brutus' Portia.Nor is the wide world ignorant of her worth,For the four winds blow in from every coastRenownèd suitors, and her sunny locksHang on her temples like a golden fleece,Which makes her seat of Belmont Colchos' strand,And many Jasons come in quest of her.O my Antonio, had I but the meansTo hold a rival place with one of them,I have a mind presages me such thriftThat I should questionless be fortunate!Thou know’st that all my fortunes are at sea.Neither have I money nor commodityTo raise a present sum. Therefore go forth,Try what my credit can in Venice do—That shall be racked even to the uttermostTo furnish thee to Belmont, to fair Portia.Go presently inquire, and so will I,Where money is, and I no question makeTo have it of my trust or for my sake.#LBSFORGOLDThere’s a girl in Belmont who’s inherited a huge amount of money, and
        she’s beautiful and—even better—she’s a good
        person. I think she likes me. Sometimes the expression on her face tells me she likes me.
        Her name is Portia. She’s as rich as that famous Roman heroine Portia, the daughter
        of Cato and wife of Brutus. Her wealth is world-famous. Famous and important men have come
        in from all over the world to try to marry her. The hair that hangs down on her forehead is
        like gold, calling every adventurer to Belmont like a gold rush. Antonio, if I only had
        enough money to hold my own against those suitors, I know I could win her!You know right now all my money’s tied up in that cargo that’s still
        at sea. I can’t give you the cash you need because I don’t have it. But go
        ahead and charge things to me on credit, as much credit as I can get in Venice.
        I’ll use all my lines of credit to help you get to Belmont, to Portia. Go see who
        will lend money, and I’ll do the same. I’m sure I can get something either
        as a business loan, or as a personal favor.