     What, no more?Pay him six thousand and deface the bond!Double six thousand, and then treble that,Before a friend of this descriptionShall lose a hair through Bassanio’s fault.First go with me to church and call me wife,And then away to Venice to your friend.For never shall you lie by Portia’s sideWith an unquiet soul. You shall have goldTo pay the petty debt twenty times over.When it is paid, bring your true friend along.My maid Nerissa and myself meantimeWill live as maids and widows. Come, away!For you shall hence upon your wedding day.Bid your friends welcome, show a merry cheer.Since you are dear bought, I will love you dear.But let me hear the letter of your friend.
(reads)
“Sweet Bassanio, my ships have all miscarried. My creditors grow cruel. My estate is very low. My bond to the Jew is forfeit. And since
        in paying it, it is impossible I should live, all debts are cleared between you and I if I
        might but see you at my death. Notwithstanding, use your pleasure. If your love do not persuade you to come, let not my letter.”O love, dispatch all business and be gone!Since I have your good leave to go away,I will make haste. But till I come again,No bed shall e'er be guilty of my stay,No rest be interposer ’twixt us twain.#LBSFORGOLDWhat, that’s all? Pay him six thousand and cancel the debt. I’d pay
        twelve thousand before I’d let a friend like that suffer in the slightest because
        of you. First come with me to church to get married. Then you can leave for Venice to see
        your friend. You have to go, because you’ll never sleep next to me peacefully
        without settling this. I’ll give you enough gold to pay back your debt twenty times
        over. When it’s paid, bring your friend back. Until you get back, Nerissa and I
        will live like virgins and widows. Come on, let’s go, because you’re going
        to leave me the same day we get married. Put on a happy face, and welcome your friends.
        Since it’s costing me a lot to marry you, I’ll think of you as even more
        precious. But let me hear the letter from your friend.
(he reads)
“Dear Bassanio, my ships have all been wrecked. My creditors are getting
        mean. My money’s almost run out. I couldn’t pay my debt to the Jew on the
        due date. Since I’ll certainly die when he takes his collateral out of my flesh,
        all debts are cleared between you and me if I can just see you again before I die. In any
        case, do what you want. If your affection for me doesn’t convince you to come,
        don’t let my letter do so.”Oh, my darling, make your arrangements and go!Since you’re letting me leave, I’ll hurry. But I won’t sleep
        till I get back.