Yes, truly, for look you, the sins of the father are to be laid
upon the children. Therefore I promise ye I fear you. I
was always plain with you, and so now I speak my
agitation of the matter. Therefore be o' good cheer, for
truly I think you are damned. There is but one hope in it
that can do you any good, and that is but a kind of bastard
hope neither.
And what hope is that, I pray thee?Marry, you may partly hope that your father got you not,
that you are not the Jew’s daughter.
That were a kind of bastard hope indeed. So the sins of my
mother should be visited upon me.
Truly then I fear you are damned both by father and
mother. Thus when I shun Scylla your father, I fall into
Charybdis your mother. Well, you are gone both ways.
I shall be saved by my husband. He hath made me aChristian.Truly, the more to blame he. We were Christians eno'
before, e'en as many as could well live one by another.
This making Christians will raise the price of hogs. If we
grow all to be pork-eaters, we shall not shortly have a
rasher on the coals for money.
#LBSFORGOLDYes, look, it’s true that children are punished for the sins of their fathers.
        That’s why I’m worried about you. I’ve always been
        straightforward with you, so now I’m telling you what I think. Cheer up, because I
        think you’re going to hell. There’s only one hope for you, and even
        that’s a kind of illegitimate hope.What hope is that, may I ask?You can hope your father isn’t your real father. Maybe your mother fooled
        around, and you aren’t the Jew’s daughter.That really is an illegitimate hope. Then I’d be punished for the sins of my
        mother.In that case I’m afraid you’re damned by both your father and your
        mother. When you avoid one trap, you fall into another. You’re in trouble either
        way.My husband will save me. He’s made me a Christian.He was wrong to do that. There were enough Christians before—as many of
        them as could stand to live near each other. All these new Christians will make the price of
        hogs go up. If we’re all pork-eaters, we won’t be able to get our hands on
        a slice of bacon, even if we’ve got the money for it.