I’ll tell my husband, Launcelot, what you say. Here he
comes.
I shall grow jealous of you shortly, Launcelot, if you thus
get my wife into corners.
Nay, you need not fear us, Lorenzo. Launcelot and I are
out. He tells me flatly there is no mercy for me in heaven
because I am a Jew’s daughter, and he says you are no
good member of the commonwealth, for in converting
Jews to Christians you raise the price of pork.
I shall answer that better to the commonwealth than you
can the getting up of the Negro’s belly. The Moor is with
child by you, Launcelot.
It is much that the Moor should be more than reason. But
if she be less than an honest woman, she is indeed more
than I took her for.
How every fool can play upon the word! I think the best
grace of wit will shortly turn into silence, and discourse
grow commendable in none only but parrots. Go in,
sirrah. Bid them prepare for dinner.
That is done, sir. They have all stomachs.#LBSFORGOLDI’ll tell my husband what you’ve said, Launcelot. Here he
       comes.You’re going to make me jealous, Launcelot, if you keep taking my wife into
        dark corners like this!No, you don’t need to worry about us, Lorenzo. Launcelot and I can’t
        agree on anything. He says I won’t get into heaven because I’m a
        Jew’s daughter, and he says you’re irresponsible because by converting
        Jews to Christianity you’re raising the price of pork.I can justify that better than you can justify sleeping with Portia’s African
        servant. The MoorLike the prince of Morocco, the servant referred to is a “Moor” or North African, in this case a black woman. Launcelot puns on the words “Moor” and “more.”Moor is pregnant with your child, Launcelot.It’s too bad there’s more of the Moor than there ought to be. Well,
        even if she’s a less than honest woman, she’s still a lot
        more respectable than I thought at first.Any fool can make puns! I think the best sign of intelligence will soon be silence, and
        talking will only be a good thing for parrots to do. Go in and tell the servants to get
        ready for dinner.That’s already been done, sir. They’re all ready to eat
       dinner.