Goodly Lord, what a wit-snapper are you! Then bid them prepare dinner.That is done too, sir. Only “Cover!” is the word.Will you cover then, sir?Not so, sir, neither. I know my duty.Yet more quarreling with occasion! Wilt thou show the whole wealth of thy wit in an
        instant? I pray thee, understand a plain man in his plain meaning. Go to thy fellows, bid
        them cover the table, serve in the meat, and we will come in to dinner.For the table, sir, it shall be served in. For the meat, sir, it shall be covered. For
        your coming in to dinner, sir, why, let it be as humours and conceits shall govern.O dear discretion, how his words are suited!The fool hath planted in his memoryAn army of good words, and I do knowA many fools that stand in better place,Garnished like him, that for a tricksy wordDefy the matter. How cheerest thou, Jessica?And now, good sweet, say thy opinion.How dost thou like the Lord Bassanio’s wife?#LBSFORGOLDGood Lord, what a clown you are! Tell them to make the
        dinner.That’s also been done, sir. The word you’re looking for is “coverBy “cover,” Launcelot means “set the table.”cover .”Will you cover, then?No, sir—I know my duty.
LauncelotLauncelot now interprets “cover” to mean put on his hat, which he’s not supposed to do in front of his superiors.Launcelot
You keep finding ways to mock me! Are you planning on showing me all your wit at once?
        Please understand my simple message: go tell the servants to set the table and bring in the
        food, and we’ll come in to dinner.About the table, sir, dinner will be served on it. As for the food, it will be served
        in covered dishes. As for your coming in to dinner, just do what you feel is right.Oh, he’s good at bending words around! The fool has memorized a whole army
        full of fancy words. I know jesters in better positions, with the same talents he has. They
        also like to digress from the topic at hand by playing with language. Anyway, how are you,
        Jessica? And how do you like Lord Bassanio’s wife?