Some men there are love not a gaping pig,Some that are mad if they behold a cat,And others, when the bagpipe sings i' th' nose,Cannot contain their urine. For affection,Mistress of passion, sways it to the moodOf what it likes or loathes. Now, for your answer:As there is no firm reason to be renderedWhy he cannot abide a gaping pig;Why he, a harmless necessary cat;Why he, a woollen bagpipe, but of forceMust yield to such inevitable shameAs to offend, himself being offended—So can I give no reason, nor I will not(More than a lodged hate and a certain loathingI bear Antonio), that I follow thusA losing suit against him. Are you answered?This is no answer, thou unfeeling man,To excuse the current of thy cruelty.I am not bound to please thee with my answers.Do all men kill the things they do not love?Hates any man the thing he would not kill?Every offense is not a hate at first.What, wouldst thou have a serpent sting thee twice?
(to BASSANIO)
I pray you, think you question with the Jew?You may as well go stand upon the beachAnd bid the main flood bate his usual height.You may as well use question with the wolfWhy he hath made the ewe bleat for the lamb.#LBSFORGOLDSome men don’t like roast pig, others go crazy if they see a cat, and others
        can’t help urinating when they hear bagpipes. There’s no sense trying to
        explain people’s likes and dislikes. So, to answer your question. Just as
        there’s no clear reason why one man doesn’t want a roast pig, or why
        another man can’t stand a harmless and useful cat, or another can’t
        tolerate bagpipes, so I can’t give a reason, and I won’t give a reason
        (other than the simple hate and loathing I feel for Antonio)
        why I’m pursuing this unprofitable case against him. Does that answer your
        question?That’s no answer, you heartless man. It doesn’t excuse your cruel
        behavior.I don’t have to give you answers that you like.Does everyone kill what they don’t love?Does anyone hate something and not want to kill it?Disliking something isn’t the same thing as hating it.What, would you let a snake bite you twice?
(to BASSANIO) Please
        don’t bother arguing with the Jew. You might as well go stand on the beach and ask
        the ocean to get smaller. You might as well ask a wolf why he killed the lamb and made its
        mother cry.