You may as well forbid the mountain pinesTo wag their high tops and to make no noiseWhen they are fretten with the gusts of heaven.You may as well do anything most hard,As seek to soften that—than which what’s harder?—His Jewish heart. Therefore I do beseech youMake no more offers, use no farther means,But with all brief and plain conveniencyLet me have judgment and the Jew his will.
(to SHYLOCK) For thy
        three thousand ducats here is six.If every ducat in six thousand ducatsWere in six parts, and every part a ducat,I would not draw them. I would have my bond.How shalt thou hope for mercy, rendering none?What judgment shall I dread, doing no wrong?You have among you many a purchased slave,Which—like your asses and your dogs and mules—You use in abject and in slavish partsBecause you bought them. Shall I say to you,“Let them be free! Marry them to your heirs!Why sweat they under burdens? Let their bedsBe made as soft as yours and let their palatesBe seasoned with such viands”? You will answer,“The slaves are ours.” So do I answer you.The pound of flesh which I demand of himIs dearly bought. 'Tis mine and I will have it.If you deny me, fie upon your law—There is no force in the decrees of Venice.I stand for judgment. Answer, shall I have it?#LBSFORGOLDYou might as well tell the pine trees on the mountain to stop waving their treetops
        when the storms blow through them. You might as well do the impossible rather than try to
        soften his Jewish heart. It’s the hardest thing imaginable. Therefore I’m
        begging you, don’t make any more offers, don’t look for other ways to stop
        him. Just let me receive my punishment, and let the Jew take his penalty.
(to SHYLOCK) Instead of
        your three thousand ducats, here are six thousand.If you offered me six times that, I wouldn’t accept it. I would choose to take
        my penalty.How can you ever hope for mercy for yourself, when you don’t give any
       now?Why should I be afraid of your judgment when I haven’t done anything wrong?
        Many of you own slaves, which—like your donkeys and dogs and
        mules—you use to perform awful jobs just because you bought them. Should I say
        to you, “Set them free! Let them marry your children! Why are you making them
        work so hard? Let their beds be as soft as yours, and let them eat the same food as
        you”? No, you’d answer, “The slaves are ours.”
        And that’s just how I’m answering you. The pound of flesh that I want from
        him was very expensive. It’s mine and I’m going to get it. If you refuse
        me, the laws of Venice have no validity. I await justice. So answer me. Will I get
       it?