With all my heart.—Some three or four of youGo give him courteous conduct to this place.—Meantime the court shall hear Bellario’s letter.
(reads)
“Your grace shall understand that at the receipt of your letter I am very
        sick, but in the instant that your messenger came, in loving visitation was with me a young doctor of Rome. His name is
        Balthazar. I acquainted him with the cause in controversy between the Jew and Antonio the
        merchant. We turned o'er many books together. He is furnished with my opinion,
        which—bettered with his own learning, the greatness whereof I cannot enough
        commend—comes with him at my importunity to fill up your grace’s request in my stead.I beseech you, let his lack of years be no
        impediment to let him lack a reverend estimation, for I never knew so young a body with so
        old a head. I leave him to your gracious acceptance, whose trial shall better publish his
        commendation.”You hear the learned Bellario, what he writes.And here I take it is the doctor come.—Give me your hand. Come you from old Bellario?I did, my lord.   You are welcome. Take your place.Are you acquainted with the differenceThat holds this present question in the court?I am informèd thoroughly of the cause.Which is the merchant here, and which the Jew?#LBSFORGOLDWith all my heart.—Three or four of you go welcome him.—In the
        meantime, I’ll read Bellario’s letter out loud.
(he reads)
“I’ve received your letter but I’m very sick at the
        moment. As it happened, when your messenger came, a young lawyer from Rome was visiting me.
        His name is Balthazar. I told him about the case of the Jew and Antonio the merchant, and we
        consulted many books together. He knows my legal opinions about this matter, and he has his
        own expert opinions as well. I’m sending him in my place to answer your request for
        someone to act as judge in this matter. Please don’t underestimate him because
        he’s so young. I never knew such a young man with such a mature head. I leave him
        to you. When you put him to the test, you’ll see how wonderful he really is. You
        hear what the wise and educated Bellario writes.”And this is the legal professor, I take it.—Let me shake your hand. Did old
        Bellario send you here?Yes, my lord.Welcome. Please have a seat. Are you familiar with the case currently before the
       court?Yes, thoroughly. Which one is the merchant? And which one is the Jew?