Antonio and old Shylock, both stand forth.Is your name Shylock?    Shylock is my name.Of a strange nature is the suit you follow,Yet in such rule that the Venetian lawCannot impugn you as you do proceed.—
(to ANTONIO) You stand
        within his danger, do you not?Ay, so he says.   Do you confess the bond?I do.  Then must the Jew be merciful.On what compulsion must I? Tell me that.The quality of mercy is not strained.It droppeth as the gentle rain from heavenUpon the place beneath. It is twice blessed:It blesseth him that gives and him that takes.'Tis mightiest in the mightiest. It becomesThe thronèd monarch better than his crown.His scepter shows the force of temporal power,The attribute to awe and majestyWherein doth sit the dread and fear of kings,But mercy is above this sceptered sway.It is enthronèd in the hearts of kings.It is an attribute to God himself.And earthly power doth then show likest God’sWhen mercy seasons justice. Therefore, Jew,#LBSFORGOLDAntonio and Shylock, both of you come forward.Is your name Shylock?Shylock is my name.Your case is most unusual, though the Venetian law can’t stop you from
        proceeding.—(to
        ANTONIO) He has a claim on you, correct?Yes, so he says.Do you acknowledge the contract?Yes, I do.Then the Jew must show you mercy.Why do I have to do that? Tell me.No one shows mercy because he has to. It just happens, the way gentle rain drops on the
        ground. Mercy is a double blessing. It blesses the one who gives it and the one who receives
        it. It’s strongest in the strongest people. It looks better in a king than his own
        crown looks on him. The king’s scepter represents his earthly power, the symbol of
        majesty, the focus of royal authority. But mercy is higher than the scepter. It’s
        enthroned in the hearts of kings, a quality of God himself. Kingly power seems most like
        God’s power when the king mixes mercy with justice. So although justice is your
        plea, Jew, consider this.