Though justice be thy plea, consider this—That in the course of justice none of usShould see salvation. We do pray for mercy,And that same prayer doth teach us all to renderThe deeds of mercy. I have spoke thus muchTo mitigate the justice of thy plea,Which if thou follow, this strict court of VeniceMust needs give sentence 'gainst the merchant there.My deeds upon my head. I crave the law,The penalty, and forfeit of my bond.Is he not able to discharge the money?Yes, here I tender it for him in the court—Yea, twice the sum. If that will not suffice,I will be bound to pay it ten times o'er,On forfeit of my hands, my head, my heart.If this will not suffice, it must appearThat malice bears down truth.—
(to DUKE)
     And I beseech you,Wrest once the law to your authority.To do a great right, do a little wrong,And curb this cruel devil of his will.It must not be. There is no power in VeniceCan alter a decree establishèd.'Twill be recorded for a precedent,And many an error by the same exampleWill rush into the state. It cannot be.A Daniel come to judgment, yea, a Daniel!—O wise young judge, how I do honor thee!#LBSFORGOLDJustice won’t save our souls. We pray for mercy, and this same prayer teaches
        us to show mercy to others as well. I’ve told you this to make you give up this
        case. If you pursue it, this strict court of Venice will need to carry out the sentence
        against the merchant there.I take all responsibility for my decisions. I want the law, the penalty, and the
        fulfillment of my contract.Can’t he pay back the money?Yes. I’m offering to pay it back right this moment—even twice the
        sum. If that’s not enough, I’ll sign a contract to pay ten times that
        much, and I’ll give you my hands, my head, and my heart as security. If
        that’s not enough, then you’re just evil and
        malicious.—(to the
        DUKE) I beg you, just this once, use your authority to bend
        the law. Do a great right by doing a little wrong. Don’t let this devil have his
        way.That can’t happen. There’s no power in Venice that can change an
        established decree. The change will be recorded as a precedent, and many bad legal decisions
        will result. That can’t happen.A DanielIn the Bible, as a young man, Daniel shows great wisdom while acting as judge in the case of Susanna, who was falsely accused.Daniel has come to judgment, yes, a Daniel!—Oh, wise young judge, I honor
       you!