Your father was ever virtuous, and holy men at their death
have good inspirations. Therefore the lottery that he hath
devised in these three chests of gold, silver, and lead,
whereof who chooses his meaning chooses you, will no
doubt never be chosen by any rightly but one who shall
rightly love. But what warmth is there in your affection
towards any of these princely suitors that are already
come?
I pray thee, overname them. And as thou namest them, I
will describe them. And according to my description,
level at my affection.
First, there is the Neapolitan prince.Ay, that’s a colt indeed, for he doth nothing but talk of his
horse, and he makes it a great appropriation to his own
good parts that he can shoe him himself. I am much afeard
my lady his mother played false with a smith.
Then there is the County Palatine.He doth nothing but frown, as who should say, “An you
will not have me, choose.” He hears merry tales and
smiles not. I fear he will prove the weeping philosopher
when he grows old, being so full of unmannerly sadness
in his youth. I had rather be married to a death’s-head
with a bone in his mouth than to either of these. God
defend me from these two!
How say you by the French lord, Monsieur le Bon?#LBSFORGOLDYour father was an extremely moral man, and religious people get odd ideas on their
        deathbeds. Your father’s idea was to have a game with three boxes. The suitor who
        can figure out whether to pick the gold, silver, or lead box will solve your
        father’s riddle—and that suitor’s the man for you. No one will
        ever choose the right box who doesn’t deserve your love. But tell me. Do you like
        any of the princely suitors who’ve come?Run through the list. As you name them I’ll describe them for you, and from my
        descriptions you can guess how I feel toward them.Well, first there was the prince from Naples.Ah, yes, that stallion. All he talks about is his horse. He thinks it’s a
        great credit to his character that he can shoe a horse all by himself. I’m afraid
        his mother may have had an affair with a blacksmith.Then there’s the Count Palatine.He does nothing but frown, as if he wants to say, “If you don’t
        want me, I don’t care.” He doesn’t even smile when he hears
        funny stories. If he’s so sad and solemn when he’s young, I can only
        imagine how much he’ll cry as an old man. No, I’d rather be married to a
        skull with a bone in its mouth than to either of those men. God protect me from these
       two!What did you think about that French lord, Monsieur le Bon?