These be the Christian husbands. I have a daughter.Would any of the stock of BarabbasHad been her husband rather than a Christian!—We trifle time. I pray thee, pursue sentence.A pound of that same merchant’s flesh is thine.The court awards it, and the law doth give it.Most rightful judge!And you must cut this flesh from off his breast.The law allows it, and the court awards it.Most learnèd judge, a sentence! Come, prepare.Tarry a little. There is something else.This bond doth give thee here no jot of blood.The words expressly are “a pound of flesh.”Take then thy bond, take thou thy pound of flesh,But in the cutting it if thou dost shedOne drop of Christian blood, thy lands and goodsAre by the laws of Venice confiscateUnto the state of Venice.O upright judge!—Mark, Jew.—O learnèd judge!Is that the law?Thyself shalt see the act.For as thou urgest justice, be assuredThou shalt have justice more than thou desirest.#LBSFORGOLDThat’s what you get for marrying Christian husbands. I have a daughter. I wish
        she’d married any one of Barabbas’sIn the Bible, Barabbas is a thief who is set free at the same time that Jesus is condemned to death.Barabbas’s descendants instead of a Christian!—We’re wasting time. Please,
        deliver the sentence.A pound of this merchant’s flesh is yours. The court awards it and the law
        authorizes it.What a righteous judge!And you have to cut this flesh from his chest. The law allows it, and the court awards
        it.What a wise judge! Come on, get ready.But wait a moment. There’s something else. This contract doesn’t give
        you any blood at all. The words expressly specify “a pound of
        flesh.” So take your penalty of a pound of flesh, but if you shed one drop of
        Christian blood when you cut it, the state of Venice will confiscate your land and property
        under Venetian law.Oh, what an upright judge!—Pay attention, Jew.—Oh, what a smart
        judge!Is that the law?You can see for yourself. You asked for justice, so rest assured you’ll get
        more justice than you bargained for.