Beg that thou mayst have leave to hang thyself,And yet, thy wealth being forfeit to the state,Thou hast not left the value of a cord.Therefore thou must be hanged at the state’s charge.That thou shalt see the difference of our spirit,I pardon thee thy life before thou ask it.For half thy wealth, it is Antonio’s.The other half comes to the general state,Which humbleness may drive unto a fine.Ay, for the state, not for Antonio.Nay, take my life and all. Pardon not that.You take my house when you do take the propThat doth sustain my house. You take my lifeWhen you do take the means whereby I live.What mercy can you render him, Antonio?A halter gratis, nothing else, for God’s sake.So please my lord the duke and all the court,To quit the fine for one half of his goodsI am content, so he will let me haveThe other half in use to render itUpon his death unto the gentlemanThat lately stole his daughter.Two things provided more: that for this favorHe presently become a Christian;The other, that he do record a giftHere in the court, of all he dies possessed,Unto his son Lorenzo and his daughter.#LBSFORGOLDBeg to be allowed to hang yourself! But if you’ve handed over all your wealth
        to the state, you don’t even have enough money left to buy a rope. So
        you’ll be hanged at the state’s expense.I want you to see the difference between us, so I pardon you even before you ask for a
        pardon. Half of your wealth goes to Antonio. The other half goes to the state. However, if
        you show a proper humility, I may reduce this penalty to a fine.Yes, the state’s half can be reduced, but not Antonio’s.No, go ahead and take my life. Don’t pardon that. You take my house away when
        you take the money I need for upkeep. You take my life when you take away my means of making
        a living.What mercy can you show him, Antonio?A hangman’s rope free of charge. Nothing else, for God’s sake!If the duke and his court agree to set aside the fine for one half of his property,
        I’m happy, as long as he lets me have the other half in trust, to give it to the
        gentleman who recently stole his daughter. I only ask two more things. First, Shylock must
        immediately become a Christian. Second, he must make a will here in this court that leaves
        all his property to his son-in-law Lorenzo and his daughter when he dies.