
(to PORTIA) Most worthy
        gentleman, I and my friendHave by your wisdom been this day acquittedOf grievous penalties, in lieu whereofThree thousand ducats due unto the JewWe freely cope your courteous pains withal.And stand indebted, over and above,In love and service to you evermore.He is well paid that is well satisfied.And I, delivering you, am satisfied,And therein do account myself well paid.My mind was never yet more mercenary.I pray you, know me when we meet again.I wish you well, and so I take my leave.Dear sir, of force I must attempt you further.Take some remembrance of us as a tribute,Not as a fee. Grant me two things, I pray you:Not to deny me, and to pardon me.You press me far and therefore I will yield.
(to ANTONIO)
Give me your gloves. I’ll wear them for your sake.
(to BASSANIO)
And for your love, I’ll take this ring from you.Do not draw back your hand. I’ll take no more,And you in love shall not deny me this.This ring, good sir—alas, it is a trifle.I will not shame myself to give you this.I will have nothing else but only this.And now methinks I have a mind to it.#LBSFORGOLD
(to PORTIA) Sir, thanks
        to you my friend and I have been freed from paying some awful penalties today. Instead of
        giving the Jew the three thousand ducats he’s owed, we give it to you in gratitude
        for your kind efforts.And even then we’re still indebted to you. We owe you love and service
        forever.Being satisfied with a job well done is payment enough. In saving you I consider myself
        well paid. My thoughts were never on money. I hope you’ll recognize me when we meet
        again. I wish you well. Now, I’ve got to go.Sir, I really feel the need to give you something. Take some memento from us as a token
        of our gratitude, not as a fee. Please do two favors for me. First, don’t refuse
        me, and second, excuse me for insisting.Since you keep insisting, I’ll do as you say.
        (to ANTONIO) Give me your
        gloves. I’ll wear them for your sake. (to
        BASSANIO) And as a souvenir of your appreciation,
        I’ll take this ring from you. Don’t pull your hand back. I won’t
        take anything more than this, and you can’t refuse me this.This ring, sir—oh no, it’s nothing. I’d be ashamed to
        give you this.I don’t want anything but that. Now that I think about it, I really want
       it.