There’s more depends on this than on the value.The dearest ring in Venice will I give you,And find it out by proclamation.Only for this, I pray you, pardon me.I see, sir, you are liberal in offers.You taught me first to beg, and now methinksYou teach me how a beggar should be answered.Good sir, this ring was given me by my wife.And when she put it on, she made me vowThat I should neither sell nor give nor lose it.That ’scuse serves many men to save their gifts.An if your wife be not a madwoman,And know how well I have deserved the ring,She would not hold out enemy foreverFor giving it to me. Well, peace be with you.My Lord Bassanio, let him have the ring.Let his deservings and my love withalBe valued against your wife’s commandment.
(giving GRATIANO
        the ring)
Go, Gratiano, run and overtake him.Give him the ring and bring him, if thou canst,Unto Antonio’s house. Away, make haste.Come, you and I will thither presently.And in the morning early will we bothFly toward Belmont. Come, Antonio.#LBSFORGOLDThere’s more to this ring than its cash value. I’ll give you the most
        expensive ring in Venice, and I’ll make a public announcement to help me find it.
        But as for this ring, please excuse me.I see you like to make big offers, sir. First you taught me how to beg, and now I think
        you’re teaching me how a beggar should be answered.Good sir, this ring was given to me by my wife. When she put it on my finger, she made
        me swear never to sell it, give it away, or lose it.Many men use that excuse to avoid giving gifts. If your wife’s not a madwoman,
        and you tell her how much I deserve this ring, she won’t stay angry at you forever
        if you give it to me. Well, anyway, goodbye.Bassanio, let him have the ring. Consider how much he deserves it, and weigh that,
        along with my friendship, against your wife’s order.
(he gives GRATIANO
        the ring) Go, Gratiano, run and catch up with him. Give him
        the ring, and take him to Antonio’s house if you can. Go quickly.Come on, you and I will go soon. Early in the morning we’ll both rush to
        Belmont. Come on, Antonio.