How sweet the moonlight sleeps upon this bank!Here will we sit and let the sounds of musicCreep in our ears. Soft stillness and the nightBecome the touches of sweet harmony.Sit, Jessica. Look how the floor of heavenIs thick inlaid with patens of bright gold.There’s not the smallest orb which thou behold’stBut in his motion like an angel sings,Still choiring to the young-eyed cherubins.Such harmony is in immortal souls,But whilst this muddy vesture of decayDoth grossly close it in, we cannot hear it.Come ho, and wake Diana with a hymn!With sweetest touches pierce your mistress' ear,And draw her home with music.I am never merry when I hear sweet music.The reason is your spirits are attentive.For do but note a wild and wanton herd,Or race of youthful and unhandled colts,Fetching mad bounds, bellowing and neighing loud,Which is the hot condition of their blood—If they but hear perchance a trumpet sound,Or any air of music touch their ears,You shall perceive them make a mutual stand,Their savage eyes turned to a modest gazeBy the sweet power of music.#LBSFORGOLDHow beautiful the moonlight’s shining on this bank! Let’s sit here
        and let the music fill our ears. Stillness and nighttime are perfect for beautiful music.
        Sit down, Jessica. Look at the stars, see how the floor of heaven is inlaid with small disks
        of bright gold. Stars and planets move in such perfect harmony that some believe you can
        hear music in their movement. If you believe this, even the smallest star sings like an
        angel in its motion. Souls have that same kind of harmony. But because we’re here
        on earth in our earthly bodies, we can’t hear it.Wake up the moon goddess with a hymn! Get her attention and draw her home with
       music.I’m never in the mood to laugh when I hear sweet music.That’s because your soul is paying attention to the music. Take a wild herd of
        animals, or young untrained colts, leaping around like crazy, roaring and neighing loudly,
        which they have to do because it’s in their blood—but if they happen to
        hear a trumpet, or any kind of music, they all stand still. Sweet music makes their wild
        eyes peaceful. That’s why the poet Ovid wrote that the great musician Orpheus could
        make