
(to NERISSA) By yonder
        moon I swear you do me wrong.In faith, I gave it to the judge’s clerk.Would he were gelt that had it, for my part,Since you do take it, love, so much at heart.A quarrel, ho, already? What’s the matter?About a hoop of gold, a paltry ringThat she did give me, whose posy wasFor all the world like cutler’s poetryUpon a knife, “Love me and leave me not.”What talk you of the posy or the value?You swore to me when I did give it youThat you would wear it till your hour of death,And that it should lie with you in your grave.Though not for me, yet for your vehement oaths,You should have been respective and have kept it.Gave it a judge’s clerk! No, God’s my judge.The clerk will ne'er wear hair on ’s face that had it.He will, an if he live to be a man.Ay, if a woman live to be a man.Now, by this hand, I gave it to a youth,A kind of boy, a little scrubbèd boyNo higher than thyself, the judge’s clerk,A prating boy that begged it as a fee.I could not for my heart deny it him.You were to blame, I must be plain with you,To part so slightly with your wife’s first gift,A thing stuck on with oaths upon your fingerAnd so riveted with faith unto your flesh.#LBSFORGOLD
(to NERISSA) I swear by
        that moon over there that you’re doing me wrong! I’m telling the truth! I
        gave it to the judge’s clerk. I wish the guy I gave it to had been castrated, since
        you’re getting so upset about it.What, an argument already? What’s the matter?We’re arguing about a hoop of gold, a cheap little ring she gave me, that had
        a little inscription on it, nothing more than a knife-maker’s attempt at poetry. It
        said, “Love me and don’t leave me.”How can you talk about the quality of the poem or the value of the ring? You swore to
        me when I gave it to you that you would wear it till you died, and that it would be buried
        with you. If you didn’t want to take care of it for my sake, you should have just
        because you made so many vows that you’d take care of it. And now you claim you
        gave it to a judge’s clerk! No, I swear to God that clerk will never grow a beard
        on his face.He will if he lives long enough to become a man.Yes, if a woman grows up to be a man.I swear I gave it to a youth, a kind of boy, a little stunted boy, no taller than
        yourself. He was the judge’s clerk, a chatty boy who wanted it as a fee. I
        didn’t have the heart to say no to him.I have to be honest with you. You were wrong to give away your wife’s first
        gift so thoughtlessly, a thing you swore to keep on your finger and bound faithfully to your
        body.