How like you the young German, the Duke of Saxony’s
nephew?
Very vilely in the morning, when he is sober, and most
vilely in the afternoon, when he is drunk. When he is best
he is a little worse than a man, and when he is worst he is
little better than a beast. And the worst fall that ever fell,
I hope I shall make shift to go without him.
If he should offer to choose and choose the right casket,
you should refuse to perform your father’s will if you
should refuse to accept him.
Therefore, for fear of the worst, I pray thee, set a deep
glass of rhenish wine on the contrary casket, for if the
devil be within and that temptation without, I know he
will choose it. I will do any thing, Nerissa, ere I’ll be
married to a sponge.
You need not fear, lady, the having any of these lords.
They have acquainted me with their determinations,
which is indeed to return to their home and to trouble you
with no more suit unless you may be won by some other
sort than your father’s imposition depending on the
caskets.
If I live to be as old as Sibylla, I will die as chaste as Diana
unless I be obtained by the manner of my father’s will. I
am glad this parcel of wooers are so reasonable, for there
is not one among them but I dote on his very absence.
And I pray God grant them a fair departure.
Do you not remember, lady, in your father’s time a
Venetian, a scholar and a soldier, that came hither in
company of the Marquess of Montferrat?
#LBSFORGOLDHow did you like the young German, the duke of Saxony’s nephew?He’s pretty awful in the morning when he’s sobering up, and even
        worse in the afternoon when he’s drunk. At his best he’s a little less
        than a man, and at his worst he’s little more than an animal. If we got married and
        he tragically met his demise, I’m sure I could find a way to go on without
       him.If he offers to play the game and chooses the right box, but then you reject him,
        you’ll be disobeying your father’s last wishes.I know. So please put a nice big glass of white wine on the wrong box. I know
        he’ll get tempted and choose that one. I’ll do anything rather than marry
        a drunk, Nerissa.You don’t have to worry about any of these lords, my lady. They’ve
        all told me what they want, which is to go back home and give up on you—unless
        there was some other way to win you than your father’s pick-the-box test.I’ll die an old maid unless I can be won according to the rules set by my
        father’s will. I’m glad these suitors are sensible enough to stay away.
        The only thing I like about them is that they’re not there. I wish them all safe
        trips home.Do you remember a Venetian scholar and soldier who accompanied the marquess of
        Montferrat here once when your father was still alive?