Let not that doctor e'er come near my house!Since he hath got the jewel that I loved,And that which you did swear to keep for me,I will become as liberal as you.I’ll not deny him anything I have,No, not my body, nor my husband’s bed.Know him I shall, I am well sure of it.Lie not a night from home. Watch me like Argus.If you do not, if I be left alone,Now, by mine honor—which is yet mine own—I’ll have that doctor for my bedfellow.
(to GRATIANO) And I his
        clerk. Therefore be well advisedHow you do leave me to mine own protection.Well, do you so, let not me take him then.For if I do I’ll mar the young clerk’s pen.I am th' unhappy subject of these quarrels.Sir, grieve not you. You are welcome notwithstanding.Portia, forgive me this enforcèd wrong,And in the hearing of these many friendsI swear to thee, even by thine own fair eyesWherein I see myself—    Mark you but that!In both my eyes he doubly sees himself—In each eye, one. Swear by your double self,And there’s an oath of credit!#LBSFORGOLDDon’t let that lawyer ever come near my house! Since he has the jewel I loved,
        which you swore you’d keep forever, I’ll be as generous as you were to
        him. I won’t deny him anything of mine, including my own body and my
        husband’s bed. I’ll recognize him all right, I’m sure of it. So
        don’t spend one night away from this house. Watch me like a hawk. If you
        don’t, if I’m left alone, I swear I’ll have that legal expert as
        my bedfellow.
(to GRATIANO) And
        I’ll have his clerk as mine. So be careful when you leave me to my own
       devices.Well, go ahead. But don’t let me catch him, because if I do I’ll
        break that clerk’s pen.All these quarrels are about me.Don’t be upset. You’re welcome in our home in spite of everything
        that’s going on.Portia, forgive me for this mistake that I had to make. All these friends are my
        witnesses, so I swear to you, I swear by your beautiful eyes, in which I see myself
        reflected—Did you hear that! He sees himself in my two eyes, so there’s two of him. He
        should swear by his two-faced self, and that’s an oath I’ll
       believe!