Speak not so grossly.—You are all amazed.
(takes out a letter)
Here is a letter. Read it at your leisure.It comes from Padua, from Bellario.There you shall find that Portia was the doctor,Nerissa there her clerk. Lorenzo hereShall witness I set forth as soon as you,And even but now returned. I have not yetEntered my house.—Antonio, you are welcome.And I have better news in store for youThan you expect.
(gives ANTONIO
        another letter)
   Unseal this letter soon.There you shall find three of your argosiesAre richly come to harbor suddenly.You shall not know by what strange accidentI chancèd on this letter.I am dumb.
(to PORTIA) Were you the
        doctor and I knew you not?
(to NERISSA) Were you the
        clerk that is to make me
cuckold?
Ay, but the clerk that never means to do itUnless he live until he be a man.
(to PORTIA) Sweet doctor,
        you shall be my bedfellow.When I am absent then lie with my wife.Sweet lady, you have given me life and living.For here I read for certain that my shipsAre safely come to road.#LBSFORGOLDDon’t be crass.—You all look confused.
        (she takes out a letter) Here’s a letter. Read it at
        your leisure. It comes from Padua, from Bellario. You’ll find out that Portia was
        the lawyer, and Nerissa was her clerk. Lorenzo here will testify that I left the house right
        when you did, and just returned. I haven’t yet entered my
        house.—Antonio, welcome. I have better news than you expect in store for you.
        (she gives ANTONIO
        another letter) Open this letter. You’ll find out
        that three of your ships have suddenly arrived in the harbor loaded with a great deal of
        wealth. You’ll never guess what a strange coincidence it was that I came across
        this letter.I’m speechless.
(to PORTIA) You were the
        doctor, and I didn’t even recognize you?
(to NERISSA) Were you the
        clerk with whom my wife’s going to cheat on me?Yes, but the clerk will never do it, unless he grows up to be a man.
(to PORTIA) My sweet
        lawyer, you’ll be my bedfellow. When I’m not there, you can sleep with my
        wife.Madam, you’ve given me life and given me a living too. I’ve read in
        this letter that my ships have safely come to harbor.