But ships are but boards, sailors but men. There be land
rats and water rats, water thieves and land thieves—I
mean pirates—and then there is the peril of waters,
winds, and rocks. The man is notwithstanding sufficient.
Be assured you may.I will be assured I may, and that I may be assured,I will bethink me. May I speak with Antonio?If it please you to dine with us.Yes—to smell pork, to eat of the habitation which your
prophet the Nazarite conjured the devil into. I will buy
with you, sell with you, talk with you, walk with you, and
so following, but I will not eat with you, drink with you,
nor pray with you. What news on the Rialto? Who is he comes here?
This is Signor Antonio.
(aside) How like a fawning publican he looks!I hate him for he is a Christian,But more for that in low simplicityHe lends out money gratis and brings downThe rate of usance here with us in Venice.If I can catch him once upon the hip,I will feed fat the ancient grudge I bear him.He hates our sacred nation, and he rails,Even there where merchants most do congregate,On me, my bargains and my well-won thrift,#LBSFORGOLDBut ships are just fragile boards, and sailors are just men. There are rats and thieves
        and pirates—not to mention storms, winds, and rocks. Anything could happen. But
        in spite of all this, the man is still wealthy enough. Three thousand ducats—I
        think I can let him guarantee your loan.I assure you he can.I will be sure he can, before I make the loan. And
        I’ll think of a way to be sure. Can I speak with Antonio?If you like, you can dine with us.Oh yes—to smell porkAny meat from pigs (like pork or bacon) is forbidden by Jewish dietary law.pork ? I don’t think so!. Your prophet Jesus sent the devil into a herd of pigs.
        I’m not going to eat that. I’ll buy with you, sell with you, talk with
        you, walk with you, and so on, but I won’t eat with you, drink with you, or pray
        with you. Any news on the Rialto? Who’s that?This is Signor Antonio.
(to himself) He looks just like a guy who’s
        robbed me but now comes to beg me for a favor! I hate him because he’s a Christian.
        But more than that, I hate him because he stupidly lends money without interest, which
        lowers the interest rates here in Venice. If I can just get the upper hand of him once,
        I’ll satisfy my old grudge against him. He hates Jews. Even at the Rialto
        he’s always complaining about me and my negotiating and my hard-earned profits,
        which he calls “interest.”