    I do never use it.When Jacob grazed his uncle Laban’s sheep—This Jacob from our holy Abram was,As his wise mother wrought in his behalf,The third possessor, ay, he was the third—And what of him? Did he take interest?No, not take interest—not as you would sayDirectly interest. Mark what Jacob did:When Laban and himself were compromisedThat all the eanlings which were streaked and piedShould fall as Jacob’s hire, the ewes, being rank,In the end of autumn turnèd to the rams.And when the work of generation wasBetween these woolly breeders in the act,The skillful shepherd peeled me certain wands.And in the doing of the deed of kindHe stuck them up before the fulsome ewes,Who then conceiving did in eaning timeFall parti-colored lambs—and those were Jacob’s.This was a way to thrive, and he was blessed.And thrift is blessing, if men steal it not.This was a venture, sir, that Jacob served for—A thing not in his power to bring to passBut swayed and fashioned by the hand of heaven.Was this inserted to make interest good?Or is your gold and silver ewes and rams?I cannot tell: I make it breed as fast.But note me, signor—#LBSFORGOLDThat’s right. That’s not how I do business.When Jacob took care of his uncle Laban’s sheep—Jacob was the heir
        to his grandfather Abraham’s birthright, because his mother cleverly arranged for
        her husband Isaac to make Jacob his heir—What’s your point? Did he charge interest?No, he didn’t charge interestShylock uses a story of Jacob from Genesis 30:25–43 to defend his practice of charging interest.charge interest—not in your sense of the word. But
        listen to what Jacob did. When he and Laban agreed that all the spotted lambs would be
        Jacob’s pay, it was the end of autumn, when the sheep were starting to mate.
        Because newborns look like whatever their mother sees during mating, he stuck some spotted
        branches into the ground right in front of the sheep, who saw them while they mated. The
        mothers later gave birth to spotted lambs, all of which went to Jacob. That was his way of
        expanding his business, and it worked. My point is that profit is a blessing, as long as you
        don’t steal to get it.That business venture you’re referring to happened because God made it happen
        like that. Jacob didn’t have any control over what happened. Are you saying this
        story proves that charging interest makes sense? That your interest payments are like
        Jacob’s sheep?I can hardly tell the difference; I make my money multiply as fast as those sheep. But
        listen to me, signor—