    Mark you this, Bassanio,The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.An evil soul producing holy witnessIs like a villain with a smiling cheek,A goodly apple rotten at the heart.Oh, what a goodly outside falsehood hath!Three thousand ducats—’tis a good round sum.Three months from twelve, then. Let me see. The rate—Well, Shylock, shall we be beholding to you?Signor Antonio, many a time and oftIn the Rialto you have rated meAbout my moneys and my usances.Still have I borne it with a patient shrug,For sufferance is the badge of all our tribe.You call me misbeliever, cutthroat dog,And spet upon my Jewish gaberdine—And all for use of that which is mine own.Well then, it now appears you need my help.Go to, then! You come to me and you say,“Shylock, we would have moneys.” You say so!—You, that did void your rheum upon my beardAnd foot me as you spurn a stranger curOver your threshold! Moneys is your suit.What should I say to you? Should I not say,“Hath a dog money? Is it possibleA cur can lend three thousand ducats?” OrShall I bend low and in a bondman’s keyWith bated breath and whispering humblenessSay this:#LBSFORGOLDWatch out, Bassanio. The devil can quote Scripture for his own use. An evil soul using
        a holy story is like a criminal who smiles at you. He looks like a good apple but
        he’s rotten at the core. Oh, liars can look so honest!Three thousand ducats. That’s a nice even sum. Three months from twelve months
        of the year. Let me see. The interest rate will be—Well, Shylock? Are you going to loan us the money?Signor Antonio, you’ve often insulted my money and my business practices in
        the Rialto. I have always just shrugged and put up with it because Jews are good at
        suffering. You called me a heathen, a dirty dog, and you spit on my Jewish clothes. And all
        because I use my own money to make a profit. And now it looks like you need my help. All
        right then. You come to me saying, “Shylock, we need money.” You say
        that!—even though you spat on my beard and kicked me like you’d kick a
        stray mutt out your front door. And now you’re asking for money. What can I tell
        you? Shouldn’t I say, “Does a dog have money? Is it possible for a mutt
        to lend three thousand ducats?” Or should I bend down low, and in a humble and
        submissive voice say: