“Fair sir, you spet on me on Wednesday last;You spurned me such a day; another timeYou called me ’dog'—and for these courtesiesI’ll lend you thus much moneys?”I am as like to call thee so again,To spet on thee again, to spurn thee too.If thou wilt lend this money, lend it notAs to thy friends, for when did friendship takeA breed for barren metal of his friend?But lend it rather to thine enemy,Who, if he break, thou mayst with better faceExact the penalty.   Why, look you how you storm!I would be friends with you and have your love,Forget the shames that you have stained me with,Supply your present wants and take no doitOf usance for my moneys—and you’ll not hear me!This is kind I offer.    This were kindness.This kindness will I show.Go with me to a notary, seal me thereYour single bond, and—in a merry sport—If you repay me not on such a day,In such a place, such sum or sums as areExpressed in the condition, let the forfeitBe nominated for an equal poundOf your fair flesh, to be cut off and takenIn what part of your body pleaseth me.Content, in faith. I’ll seal to such a bond,And say there is much kindness in the Jew.#LBSFORGOLD“Sir, last Wednesday you spit on me. You insulted me on this day, and
        another time you called me a dog. And out of gratitude for these favors, I’ll be
        happy to lend you the money?”I’ll probably call you those names again and spit on you, and reject you again
        too. If you’re going to lend us this money, don’t lend it to us as if we
        were your friends. When did friends charge interest? Instead, lend it to me as your enemy.
        If your enemy goes bankrupt, it’s easier for you to take your penalty from
       him.Look at you getting all riled up! I want to be friends with you, and forget all the
        times you’ve embarrassed and humiliated me. I want to give you what you need, and
        not charge a penny of interest—but you won’t listen to me! I’m
        making a kind offer—zero percent financing.That really would be kind.I’ll show you how kind I am. Come with me to a notary and we’ll make
        it official. And let’s add a little clause just for a joke. If you don’t
        repay me on the day we agree on, in the place we name, for the sum of money fixed in our
        contract, your penalty will be a pound of your pretty flesh, to be cut off and taken out of
        whatever part of your body I like.It’s a deal. I’ll agree to those terms and even say that Jews are
        nice.