You shall not seal to such a bond for me!I’ll rather dwell in my necessity.Why, fear not, man. I will not forfeit it.Within these two months—that’s a month beforeThis bond expires—I do expect returnOf thrice three times the value of this bond.O Father Abram, what these Christians are,Whose own hard dealings teaches them suspectThe thoughts of others!—Pray you, tell me this:If he should break his day, what should I gainBy the exaction of the forfeiture?A pound of man’s flesh taken from a manIs not so estimable, profitable neither,As flesh of muttons, beefs, or goats. I say,To buy his favor I extend this friendship.If he will take it, so. If not, adieu.And for my love I pray you wrong me not.Yes, Shylock, I will seal unto this bond.Then meet me forthwith at the notary’s.Give him direction for this merry bond,And I will go and purse the ducats straight,See to my house left in the fearful guardOf an unthrifty knave, and presentlyI will be with you.Hie thee, gentle Jew.The Hebrew will turn Christian. He grows kind.#LBSFORGOLDNo, you can’t sign a contract like that for me! I’d rather go without
        the money.Don’t worry about it, man, I won’t have to pay any penalty. In two
        months—a month before this loan is due—I expect to earn more than
        three times that much from my investments.Oh father Abraham, what kind of people are these Christians? Their own meanness teaches
        them to suspect other people!—Please tell me this. If he fails to repay me by
        the deadline, what would I get out of such a penalty? A pound of human flesh taken
        isn’t even as valuable as a pound of mutton or beef. I’m just offering
        this as a favor to a friend. If he agrees, great. If not, goodbye. And I hope you
        won’t think badly of me.Yes, Shylock, I’ll sign the contract and agree to its terms.Then meet me right away at the notary’s. Give him the instructions for our
        amusing little contract, and I’ll go get the money for you right away. I need to
        check in at home first, because one of my careless servants is in charge right now.
        I’ll see you soon.Hurry up, my Jewish friend.He’s so kind you’d think the Jew is turning Christian.