Master young man, you, I pray you, which is the way toMaster Jew’s?
(aside) O heavens, this is my true-begotten father, who,
being more than sand-blind—high-gravel blind—knows
me not. I will try confusions with him.
Master young gentleman, I pray you, which is the way toMaster Jew’s?Turn up on your right hand at the next turning, but at the
next turning of all on your left. Marry, at the very next
turning turn of no hand, but turn down indirectly to the
Jew’s house.
By God’s sonties, ’twill be a hard way to hit. Can you tell
me whether one Launcelot that dwells with him, dwell
with him or no?
Talk you of young Master Launcelot? (aside) Mark me
now. Now will I raise the waters.—Talk you of young
Master Launcelot?
No “master,” sir, but a poor man’s son. His father,
though I say ’t, is an honest exceeding poor man and, God
be thanked, well to live.
Well, let his father be what he will, we talk of youngMaster Launcelot.Your worship’s friend and Launcelot, sir.#LBSFORGOLDExcuse me, young man, how do I get to the Jew’s residence?
(to himself) Good heavens, it’s my father. He
        doesn’t recognize me because he’s half-blind—or more than
        half-blind, somewhere between half-blind and totally blind. I’ll play a little game
        with him.Young man, excuse me, how do I get to the Jew’s?Turn right at the next turn, but at the following turn, turn left. Oh, and then at the
        very next turn, don’t turn left or right, but turn down and around to the
        Jew’s house.Good heavens, those are difficult directions. Can you tell me if a man named Launcelot,
        who lives with him, is still there?Are you talking about young Master Launcelot?
        (speaking so no one else can hear) Watch out, I’m
        going to pull a good prank here.—Is that who you’re talking
       about?He’s not a “master,” sir, he’s just a poor
        man’s son. His father, if I do say so myself, is an honest but very poor man, and,
        thank God, likely to live a long time.Well, his father can be whatever he wants to be. We’re talking about young
        Master Launcelot.Please don’t call him that, sir. He’s just Launcelot.