Pray you, sir, stand up. I am sure you are not Launcelot, my boy.Pray you, let’s have no more fooling about it, but give me your blessing. I am
        Launcelot, your boy that was, your son that is, your child that shall be.I cannot think you are my son.I know not what I shall think of that. But I am Launcelot, the Jew’s man, and
        I am sure Margery your wife is my mother.Her name is Margery, indeed. I’ll be sworn, if thou be Launcelot, thou art
        mine own flesh and blood. (feels the
back of
        LAUNCELOT’s head) Lord worshipped might he be, what
        a beard hast thou got! Thou hast got more hair on thy chin than Dobbin my fill-horse has on
        his tail.It should seem then that Dobbin’s tail grows backward. I am sure he had more
        hair of his tail than I have of my face when I last saw him.Lord, how art thou changed! How dost thou and thy master agree? I have brought him a
        present. How 'gree you now?Well, well, but for mine own part, as I have set up my rest to run away, so I will not
        rest till I have run some ground. My master’s a very Jew. Give him a present. Give
        him a halter. I am famished in his service. You may tell every finger I have with my ribs.
        Father, I am glad you are come. Give me your present to one Master Bassanio, who indeed
        gives rare new liveries.#LBSFORGOLDPlease stand up! I’m sure you aren’t Launcelot, my boy.Come on, quit fooling around. Give me your blessing. I’m Launcelot, who was
        your boy, is your son, and will be your child.I can’t believe you’re my son.I don’t know what to say to that, but the fact is I’m Launcelot, the
        Jew’s servant, and Margery, your wife, is my mother.Yes, you’re right, her name is Margery. If you’re Launcelot, then
        you’re my own flesh and blood. (feels the back of
        LAUNCELOT’s head) My Lord, what a bushy beard you
        have! You’ve got more hair on your chin than Dobbin my horse has in his
       tail.Then Dobbin’s tail must be growing backward. I’m sure he had more
        hair on his tail than I have on my face when I last saw him.Lord, how you’ve changed! How are you and your master getting along?
        I’ve brought him a present. How are you?I’m all right. But I’ve decided to run away, and I can’t
        wait to get going. My master’s a total Jew. You’re giving him a present?
        Give him a noose to hang himself. He’s starving me to death. You can see my ribs so
        well you can count them. I’m glad you’ve come, father. Give me your
        present to give to Master Bassanio. He gives his servants beautiful new uniforms.