His master and he, saving your worship’s reverence, are
scarce cater-cousins—
To be brief, the very truth is that the Jew, having done me
wrong, doth cause me, as my father, being, I hope, an old
man, shall frutify unto you—
I have here a dish of doves that I would bestow upon your
worship, and my suit is—
In very brief, the suit is impertinent to myself, as your
worship shall know by this honest old man—and though
I say it, though old man, yet poor man, my father—
One speak for both. What would you?Serve you, sir.That is the very defect of the matter, sir.I know thee well. Thou hast obtained thy suit.Shylock thy master spoke with me this day,And hath preferred thee, if it be prefermentTo leave a rich Jew’s service, to becomeThe follower of so poor a gentleman.The old proverb is very well parted between my master
Shylock and you, sir—you have “the grace of God,”
        sir,
and he hath “enough.”
Thou speak’st it well.—Go, father, with thy son.—Take leave of thy old master and inquireMy lodging out.—
(to followers)
    Give him a liveryMore guarded than his fellows'. See it done.#LBSFORGOLDHe and his master aren’t exactly friends—To be brief, the truth is that the Jew has done me wrong, and that forces me
        to—as my father, an old man, will inform you—I have a present I’d like to give you, sir. And I want to request
        that—To make a long story short, the request is about me, as this good old man will tell
        you. Even though I’m his son and I’m the one saying it, this old man is a
        poor man—One of you do the talking. What do you want?To work for you, sir.That’s what we’re trying to say, sir.I know who you are. You can have what you want. I spoke with your master Shylock today,
        and he recommended you to me. If you want to leave a rich Jew to work for a poor gentleman,
        you’re welcome to.Do you know the old proverb “The grace of God is enough,” sir?
        It could be divided between you and my boss Shylock—you have “the
        grace of God,” and he has “enough.”Nicely put.—Go with your son, old man.—Say goodbye to your old
        master and find your way to my house. (to attendants) Give
        him a uniform that’s a little nicer than the others. Make sure it gets done.