Father, in. I cannot get a service, no. I have ne'er a tongue in my head.
        (reading his own palm) Well, if any man in Italy have a
        fairer table which doth offer to swear upon a book, I shall have good fortune. Go to,
        here’s a simple line of life. Here’s a small trifle of wives. Alas,
        fifteen wives is nothing! Eleven widows and nine maids is a simple coming-in for one man.
        And then to ’scape drowning thrice and to be in peril of my life with the edge of a
        feather-bed—here are simple ’scapes. Well, if Fortune be a woman,
        she’s a good wench for this gear.—Father, come. I’ll take my
        leave of the Jew in the twinkling.I pray thee, good Leonardo, think on this.These things being bought and orderly bestowed,Return in haste, for I do feast tonightMy best esteemed acquaintance. Hie thee, go.My best endeavours shall be done herein.
(to LEONARDO) Where is
        your master?     Yonder, sir, he
       walks.#LBSFORGOLDFather, go ahead. I can’t get a job, can I? I can’t talk well, no.
        (reading his own palm) If any man in Italy has a palm good
        enough to swear on a Bible with, it’s me. I’ve got very good luck!
        Here’s my life line. It shows a few wives—fifteen wives is nothing.
        Eleven widows and nine maids is a humble beginning for one man. It seems I’ll
        almost drown three times, and my life will be in danger when I’m caught in bed with
        another man’s wife! But these little lines are the escape routes I can take to get
        out of that one. If luck’s a lady, she’s good at this business. Father,
        let’s go. I’ll leave the Jew behind in the blink of an eye.BASSANIOPlease, Leonardo, think about this
        (he hands him a piece of paper). These things have been
        bought and are ready. Hurry back here. I’m having dinner tonight with someone I
        greatly respect. Go now.I’ll do my best.
(to LEONARDO)
        Where’s your master?He’s walking over there, sir.