Signor Bassanio!   Gratiano!I have a suit to you.    You have obtained it.You must not deny me. I must go with you to Belmont.Why, then you must. But hear thee, Gratiano.Thou art too wild, too rude and bold of voice—Parts that become thee happily enoughAnd in such eyes as ours appear not faults.But where thou art not known, why, there they showSomething too liberal. Pray thee, take painTo allay with some cold drops of modestyThy skipping spirit, lest through thy wild behaviorI be misconst’red in the place I go to,And lose my hopes.   Signor Bassanio, hear me.If I do not put on a sober habit,Talk with respect and swear but now and then,Wear prayer books in my pocket, look demurely—Nay more. While grace is saying, hood mine eyesThus with my hat, and sigh and say, “Amen”—Use all the observance of civilityLike one well studied in a sad ostentTo please his grandam, never trust me more.Well, we shall see your bearing.Nay, but I bar tonight. You shall not gauge meBy what we do tonight.#LBSFORGOLDSignor Bassanio!Gratiano!I have a favor to ask.Anything.Don’t say no. Let me go with you to Belmont.Well, if you have to go, you have to go. But listen to me, Gratiano. Sometimes you get
        a bit too wild, and you let your voice get a bit loud and rude. These things look good on
        you, of course, and to people like you and me there’s nothing wrong with it. But in
        places where people don’t know you, your behavior might seem too wild. Please, try
        to act a little more serious, or the people in Belmont will get the wrong impression about
        me, and your wildness will make me blow my chance with Portia.Listen, Signor Bassanio, there’s nothing to worry about. I’ll be
        solemn-looking, I’ll talk with respect, and I’ll only swear once in a
        while. I’ll carry prayer books in my pocket and look sweet—even more.
        While grace is being said, I’ll be modest and say
        “amen”—I’ll watch my manners as if I’m
        trying to please my grandma. If I don’t do all this, never trust me again.Well, we’ll see how you act.Okay, but tonight doesn’t count. You can’t judge me based on what I
        do tonight.  