I beseech you, sir, go. My young master doth expect your
reproach.
So do I his.And they have conspired together. I will not say you shall
see a masque, but if you do then it was not for nothing that
my nose fell a-bleeding on Black Monday last at six
o'clock i' th' morning falling out that year on Ash
Wednesday was four year in th' afternoon.
What, are there masques? Hear you me, Jessica.Lock up my doors, and when you hear the drumAnd the vile squealing of the wry-necked fife,Clamber not you up to the casements then,Nor thrust your head into the public streetTo gaze on Christian fools with varnished faces.But stop my house’s ears—I mean my casements—Let not the sound of shallow foppery enterMy sober house. By Jacob’s staff, I swear,I have no mind of feasting forth tonight.But I will go.—Go you before me, sirrah.Say I will come.   I will go before, sir.—Mistress, look out at window, for all this.There will come a Christian byWill be worth a Jewess' eye. #LBSFORGOLDPlease go, sir. My new master is expecting your approach.And I’m expecting his reproach.And they’ve been plotting things together. I’m not saying
        you’ll get a masquerade party, but if you do, I predicted it. I knew there would be
        a masquerade when I got that bad omen of a bloody nose last Easter Monday, at six in the
        morning, four years after I got the same kind of bloody nose on Ash Wednesday, in the
        afternoon.What, there’s going to be a masquerade? Listen to me, Jessica, lock my doors
        up, and when you hear the drum and the nasty squealing of the flute, don’t climb up
        to the windows. Don’t stick your head out into the public street to stare at the
        Christian fools with painted faces. Block up my house’s ears—I mean the
        windows. Don’t let the noise of shallow fools enter my serious house. I swear,
        I’m in no mood to go out to dinner tonight, but I’ll go
        anyway.—Launcelot, go tell them I’ll come.I’ll go ahead of you, sir. (to
        JESSICA) Mistress, be on the lookout when you’re
        staring out the window. A Christian’s coming who’ll be worth a
        Jewess’s glance.