Sweet friends, your patience for my long abode.Not I but my affairs have made you wait.When you shall please to play the thieves for wives,I’ll watch as long for you then. Approach.Here dwells my father Jew.—Ho! Who’s within?Who are you? Tell me for more certainty,Albeit I’ll swear that I do know your tongue.Lorenzo, and thy love.Lorenzo certain, and my love indeed—For who love I so much? And now who knowsBut you, Lorenzo, whether I am yours?Heaven and thy thoughts are witness that thou art.Here, catch this casket. It is worth the pains.I am glad ’tis night, you do not look on me,For I am much ashamed of my exchange.But love is blind, and lovers cannot seeThe pretty follies that themselves commit,For if they could Cupid himself would blushTo see me thus transformèd to a boy.Descend, for you must be my torchbearer.What, must I hold a candle to my shames?They in themselves, good sooth, are too too light.Why, ’tis an office of discovery, love.And I should be obscured.#LBSFORGOLDMy dear friends, thanks for your patience. I had business that made me late. When you
        have to steal your own wives some day, I’ll wait for you just as long. Come over
        here. My future father-in-law, the Jew, lives here.—Hey! Who’s in
        there?Who are you? Tell me so I can be sure, though I swear I recognize your voice.I’m Lorenzo, your love.Lorenzo, that’s for sure, and I’m also sure you’re my
        love—who else do I love so much? And now who but you knows whether I’m
        yours?As God is my witness, you know you’re mine.Here, catch this box. It’ll be worth your while. I’m glad
        it’s nighttime and you can’t see me. I’m ashamed of my disguise.
        But love is blind, and lovers can’t see the silly things they do around each other.
        If they could, Cupid himself would be embarassed to see me dressed up as a boy.Come down here. You have to be my torchbearer for the masquerade.What, I have to hold a candle up so people can see what I’m doing? The truth
        is, I’m behaving like a loose woman. The torchbearer is supposed to bring light and
        love, but I should be hidden away in the dark.