
(to servant) Go draw aside the curtains and discoverThe several caskets to this noble prince.—A curtain is drawn showing a gold, silver, and lead casket
(to MOROCCO) Now make your
        choice.The first, of gold, who this inscription bears:“Who chooseth me shall gain what many men desire.”The second, silver, which this promise carries:“Who chooseth me shall get as much as he deserves.”This third, dull lead, with warning all as blunt:“Who chooseth me must give and hazard all he hath.”How shall I know if I do choose the right?The one of them contains my picture, Prince.If you choose that, then I am yours withal.Some god direct my judgment! Let me see.I will survey th' inscriptions back again.What says this leaden casket?“Who chooseth me must give and hazard all he hath.”Must give—for what? For lead? Hazard for lead?This casket threatens. Men that hazard allDo it in hope of fair advantages.A golden mind stoops not to shows of dross.I’ll then nor give nor hazard aught for lead.What says the silver with her virgin hue?#LBSFORGOLD
(to servant) Go open the curtains and show the different
        boxes to the prince.
A curtain is drawn revealing showing three caskets: one gold, one silver, and one lead.

(to MOROCCO) Now make
        your choice.The first one, the gold one, has an inscription that says, “He who chooses
        me will get what many men want.” The second one, the silver one, says,
        “He who chooses me will get what he deserves.” And this third one is
        made of dull lead. It has a blunt warning that says, “He who chooses me must
        give and risk all he has.” How will I know if I chose the right one?One of them contains my picture. If you choose that one, I’m yours, along with
        the picture.I wish some god could help me choose! Let me see. I’ll look over the
        inscriptions again. What does the lead box say? “He who chooses me must give and
        risk all he has.” Must give everything—for what? For lead? Risk
        everything for lead? This box is too threatening. Men who risk everything hope to make
        profits. A golden mind doesn’t bend down to choose something worthless. So I
        won’t give or risk anything for lead. What does the silver one say?