Why, man, I saw Bassanio under sail.With him is Gratiano gone along.And in their ship I am sure Lorenzo is not.The villain Jew with outcries raised the Duke,Who went with him to search Bassanio’s ship.He came too late. The ship was under sail.But there the Duke was given to understandThat in a gondola were seen togetherLorenzo and his amorous Jessica.Besides, Antonio certified the DukeThey were not with Bassanio in his ship.I never heard a passion so confused,So strange, outrageous, and so variable,As the dog Jew did utter in the streets.“My daughter! O my ducats! O my daughter,Fled with a Christian! O my Christian ducats!Justice, the law, my ducats, and my daughter!A sealèd bag, two sealèd bags of ducats,Of double ducats, stol'n from me by my daughter!And jewels—two stones, two rich and precious stones—Stol'n by my daughter! Justice, find the girl!She hath the stones upon her, and the ducats.”Why, all the boys in Venice follow him,Crying, “His stones, his daughter, and his ducats!”#LBSFORGOLDI saw Bassanio sail away, and Gratiano went with him. I’m sure Lorenzo
        isn’t on their ship.That wicked Jew got the duke to listen to his complaints. The duke went with him to
        search Bassanio’s ship.He got there too late. The ship was already sailing. But once he got there, the duke
        learned that Lorenzo and his lover Jessica were together in a gondola. In any case, Antonio
        assured the duke they weren’t with Bassanio on his ship.I’ve never heard such confused emotions as what that Jew dog was shouting in
        the streets. “My daughter, oh my ducats, oh my daughter! Ran off with a
        Christian! Oh my Christian ducats! Justice, the law, my ducats, and my daughter, a sealed
        bag, two sealed bags of ducats, of double ducats, stolen from me by my daughter, and
        jewels—two stones, two rich and precious stones—stolen by my
        daughter! Justice, find the girl! She has the stones on her, and the
       ducats.”I know, all the boys in Venice are following him, yelling, “His stones, his
        daughter, and his ducats!”