
(sings)

Sleepest or wakest thou, jolly shepherd?

Thy sheep be in the corn.

And for one blast of thy minikin mouth,

Thy sheep shall take no harm.

Purr! The cat is gray.
Arraign her first. 'Tis Goneril. I here take my oath before
this honorable assembly, she kicked the poor king her
father.
Come hither, mistress. Is your name Goneril?She cannot deny it.Cry you mercy, I took you for a joint-stool.And here’s another, whose warped looks proclaimWhat store her heart is made on. Stop her there!Arms, arms, sword, fire, corruption in the place!False justicer, why hast thou let her ’scape?Bless thy five wits.
(to LEAR) O pity! Sir, where is the patience now,That thou so oft have boasted to retain?
(aside) My tears begin to take his part so much,They’ll mar my counterfeiting.     The little dogs and all,Tray, Blanch, and Sweetheart—see, they bark at me.Tom will throw his head at them.—Avaunt, you curs!Tooth that poisons if it bite,Mastiff, greyhound, mongrel grim,#LBSFORGOLD
(sings)

Are you asleep or awake, happy shepherd?

Your sheep are running around the cornfield.

But if you blow your cute little horn,

Your sheep will be fine.

Purr! The devil-cat is gray.
Let’s put Goneril on trial first. There she is. I hereby swear before this honored assembly that she kicked her father when he was down.Come here, ma'am. Is your name Goneril?She can’t deny it.I’m so sorry, ma'am, I thought you were a good person, a well-made chair instead of a crude stool.And here’s Regan, whose grotesque face betrays her twisted heart. Stop her! Guards, guards, use your weapons. Fire! The courtroom is in chaos. You corrupt judge, why did you let her escape?Bless your heart.
(to LEAR) How sorrowful! Sir, where’s the self-control you used to be so proud of?
(to himself) I feel so sorry for him that my tears are starting to ruin my disguise.Look at the three little dogs, Tray, Blanch, and Sweetheart—all barking at me.Tom will chase them off.—Go away, you mongrels! Whether you bite to kill,Mastiff, greyhound, or ugly mutt,