What are you there? Your names?Poor Tom, that eats the swimming frog, the toad, the
tadpole, the wall newt, and the water; that in the fury of his
heart, when the foul fiend rages, eats cow dung for salads,
swallows the old rat and the ditch-dog, drinks the green
mantle of the standing pool; who is whipped from tithing to
tithing and stocked, punished and imprisoned; who hath
had three suits to his back, six shirts to his body,
Horse to ride and weapon to wear.
But mice and rats and such small deer
Have been Tom’s food for seven long year.
Beware my follower. Peace, Smulkin. Peace, thou fiend!

(to LEAR) What, hath your grace no better company?The Prince of Darkness is a gentleman. Modo he’s called,
and Mahu.

(to LEAR) Our flesh and blood, my lord, is grown so vileThat it doth hate what gets it.Poor Tom’s a-cold.Go in with me. My duty cannot sufferTo obey in all your daughters' hard commands.Though their injunction be to bar my doorsAnd let this tyrannous night take hold upon you,Yet have I ventured to come seek you outAnd bring you where both fire and food is ready.First let me talk with this philosopher.—
(to EDGAR) What is the cause of thunder?#LBSFORGOLDWho are you? What are your names?Poor Tom, who eats frogs, toads, tadpoles, lizards, and newts. When the devil tells me to, I eat cow dung for salads, I swallow old rats and dead dogs, I drink pond scum. In every village I’m whipped and put in the stocks, punished and imprisoned. But I used to be a respectable servant, with three suits and six shirts. Once I had a horse to ride and a sword to wear, but now poor Tom’s been eating rats and mice for seven long years. Beware of the devil who follows me around. Calm down, Smulkin, you fiend!
(to LEAR) Don’t you have anyone more respectable with you, your highness?Oh, the devil is quite a gentleman. He’s called Modo and Mahu.
(to LEAR) My lord, our children have become so beastly that they hate their own parents.Poor Tom’s chilly.Come back to my house with me. I couldn’t bear to obey all of your daughters' harsh orders. They commanded me to lock my doors and leave you out in this merciless storm, but I’ve come out here to find you and take you where there’s warmth and food.First let me talk with this philosopher here.—(to EDGAR) What causes thunder?