I do not bid the thunder-bearer shoot,Nor tell tales of thee to high-judging Jove.Mend when thou canst. Be better at thy leisure.I can be patient. I can stay with Regan,I and my hundred knights.   Not altogether so, sir.I looked not for you yet, nor am providedFor your fit welcome. Give ear, sir, to my sister.For those that mingle reason with your passionMust be content to think you old, and so—But she knows what she does.     Is this well spoken now?I dare avouch it, sir. What, fifty followers?Is it not well? What should you need of more—Yea, or so many—sith that both charge and dangerSpeak 'gainst so great a number? How, in one house,Should many people under two commandsHold amity? 'Tis hard; almost impossible.Why might not you, my lord, receive attendanceFrom those that she calls servants, or from mine?Why not, my lord? If then they chanced to slack you,We could control them. If you will come to me—For now I spy a danger—I entreat youTo bring but five and twenty. To no moreWill I give place or notice.I gave you all—And in good time you gave it.#LBSFORGOLDperson when you’re ready, if you’re inclined. I’ll wait patiently. Meanwhile I’ll stay with Regan with my hundred knights.It’s not quite that simple. I wasn’t expecting you, and I’m not ready to receive you. Please hear what Goneril is saying. We’re trying to be reasonable while you’re so upset, and we understand that you’re old, and… But Goneril knows what she’s doing.Do you mean what you’ve just said?Yes, I do. Isn’t fifty knights enough for you? Why would you need more than that? Or even that many. Fifty knights are expensive to maintain, and there’s always a risk they’ll rebel. How could so many people, under two masters, get along under one roof? It would be hard, almost impossible.Why couldn’t you be attended by my servants, or by Regan’s?Yes, why not, my lord? Then if they’re negligent, we could control them. Now that I think about the danger of these knights, if you come to stay with me, please bring no more than twenty-five of them with you. I won’t lodge any more than that under my roof.I gave you everything—And it was about time too.