Alack, alack, Edmund, I like not this unnatural dealing.
When I desire their leave that I might pity him, they took
from me the use of mine own house, charged me on pain of
their perpetual displeasure neither to speak of him, entreat
for him, nor any way sustain him.
Most savage and unnatural!Go to, say you nothing. There’s a division betwixt the
dukes. And a worse matter than that: I have received a letter
this night. 'Tis dangerous to be spoken. I have locked the
letter in my closet. These injuries the king now bears will be
revenged home. There’s part of a power already footed. We
must incline to the king. I will look him and privily relieve
him. Go you and maintain talk with the duke, that my
charity be not of him perceived. If he ask for me, I am ill and
gone to bed. Though I die for it—as no less is threatened
me—the king my old master must be relieved. There is
some strange thing toward, Edmund. Pray you, be careful.
This courtesy, forbid thee, shall the dukeInstantly know, and of that letter too.This seems a fair deserving, and must draw meThat which my father loses—no less than all.The younger rises when the old doth fall.#LBSFORGOLDOh, oh, Edmund, I don’t like this monstrous business. When asked the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall if I could take pity on the king and shelter him from the storm, they took my house away from me and ordered me never to talk about him, lobby for him, or support him in any way.That’s uncivilized and unnatural!Oh, be quiet. There’s a feud between the two dukes. And there’s something even worse than that. I got a letter tonight. It’s dangerous to talk about it. I’ve locked it up in my room. The humiliation that the king is suffering now will be revenged thoroughly. Armed forces have already landed. We have to take the king’s side. I’ll look for him and secretly help him. You go and talk to the duke so he won’t notice I’m helping the king. If he asks to see me, tell him I’m sick and went to bed. Even if I have to die—as they threaten—I have to help the king. Strange things are about to happen, Edmund. Please be careful.I’ll tell the duke right away that you’re going to see the king, which is forbidden. And I’ll tell him about the letter too. You’ll get what you deserve, and I’ll be rewarded with everything you lose—in other words, all your lands. The young generation rises while the old one falls.