That art incestuous. Caitiff, to pieces shake,That under covert and convenient seemingHast practiced on man’s life. Close pent-up guilts,Rive your concealing continents and cryThese dreadful summoners grace. I am a manMore sinned against than sinning.     Alack, bareheaded?Gracious my lord, hard by here is a hovel.Some friendship will it lend you 'gainst the tempest.Repose you there, while I to this hard house—More harder than the stones whereof ’tis raised,Which even but now, demanding after you,Denied me to come in—return, and forceTheir scanted courtesy.   My wits begin to turn.—
(to FOOL)
Come on, my boy. How dost, my boy? Art cold?I am cold myself.
(to KENT)
   Where is this straw, my fellow?The art of our necessities is strangeThat can make vile things precious. Come, your hovel.Poor fool and knave, I have one part in my heartThat’s sorry yet for thee.
(sings)

He that has and a little tiny wit—

With heigh-ho, the wind and the rain—

Must make content with his fortunes fit,

For the rain it raineth every day.
True, my good boy.—Come, bring us to this hovel.#LBSFORGOLDmercy from the gods who summon these terrifying winds and thunderbolts. Other people have sinned against me more than I have sinned against them.Why, you’re not even wearing a hat? My lord, there’s a hut nearby. It will give you some protection from this storm. Rest there while I go back to the unfriendly house where your sisters are staying, and ask them for help. They are harder than the stones the house is made of. Just now, when I asked them if they knew where you were, they wouldn’t let me in. But I’ll go back and force them to be polite.I’m starting to lose my mind. (to the FOOL) Come on, my boy. How are you? Are you cold? I’m cold myself. (to KENT) Where’s this hut, man? Odd how when you’re desperate, even shoddy things like this hut can seem precious. Show me where that hut is. Poor fool, part of me still feels sorry for you.
(singing)

The stupid man—

Hey-hoy, the wind and the rain—

Must take what he can get,

Since the rain comes every day.
That’s true, my good boy.—Come on, take us to that hut.