Death, traitor! Nothing could have subdued natureTo such a lowness but his unkind daughters.Is it the fashion that discarded fathersShould have thus little mercy on their flesh?Judicious punishment! 'Twas this flesh begotThose pelican daughters.Pillicock sat on Pillicock hill. Alow, alow, loo, loo!This cold night will turn us all to fools and madmen.Take heed o' th' foul fiend. Obey thy parents, keep thy
word’s justice, swear not, commit not with man’s sworn
spouse, set not thy sweet heart on proud array. Tom’s a-
cold.
What hast thou been?A servingman, proud in heart and mind, that curled my
hair, wore gloves in my cap, served the lust of my mistress'
heart and did the act of darkness with her, swore as many
oaths as I spake words and broke them in the sweet face of
heaven—one that slept in the contriving of lust and waked
to do it. Wine loved I deeply, dice dearly, and in woman
outparamoured the Turk. False of heart, light of ear, bloody
of hand—hog in sloth, fox in stealth, wolf in greediness,
dog in madness, lion in prey. Let not the creaking of shoes
nor the rustling of silks betray thy poor heart to woman.
Keep thy foot out of brothels, thy hand out of plackets, thy
pen from lenders' books, and defy the foul fiend. Still
through the hawthorn blows the cold wind, says, “Suum,
mun, nonny.” Dauphin my boy, my boy, cessez. Let him
trot by.
#LBSFORGOLDLike hell! Nothing but cruel daughters could have degraded him like this. Is it fashionable now for neglected fathers to get so little pity? That’s a fair punishment! I’m the one who fathered those bloodsucking daughters.
Pillicock“pillicock” = penis; “pillicock hill” = vulvaPillicock sat on Pillicock hill. La, la, la, la!This stormy night will turn us all into fools and madmen.Beware of the devil. Obey your parents, keep your word, don’t swear, don’t sleep with another man’s wife, and don’t covet flashy clothes. Tom’s chilly.What were you before this?I used to be an honorable devoted servant who curled his hair, wore his mistress’s glove in his hat as a token of her affection, and slept with his mistress whenever she wanted. I swore oaths with every other word out of my mouth, and broke the oaths shamelessly. I used to dream of having sex and wake up to do it. I loved wine and gambling, and had more women than a Turkish sultan keeps in his harem. I was disloyal and violent. I eavesdropped. I was as lazy as a hog, as sneaky as a fox, as greedy as a wolf, as mad as a dog, and as ruthless as a lion. Don’t ever let a woman know what you’re thinking. Stay away from whores, don’t chase skirts, don’t borrow money, and resist the devil. The cold wind’s still blowing through the hawthorn tree. (speaking to an imaginary horse) Dauphin, my boy, stop that.—Let the horse go by.