Our potency made good, take thy reward:Five days we do allot thee for provisionTo shield thee from diseases of the world.And on the sixth to turn thy hated backUpon our kingdom. If on the next day followingThy banished trunk be found in our dominions,The moment is thy death. Away! By Jupiter,This shall not be revoked.Why, fare thee well, King. Sith thus thou wilt appear,Freedom lives hence, and banishment is here.
(to CORDELIA)
The gods to their dear shelter take thee, maid,That justly think’st and hast most rightly said!
(to REGAN and GONERIL)
And your large speeches may your deeds approve,That good effects may spring from words of love.—Thus Kent, O princes, bids you all adieu.He’ll shape his old course in a country new.Here’s France and Burgundy, my noble lord.My lord of Burgundy.We first address towards you, who with this kingHath rivaled for our daughter. What in the leastWill you require in present dower with herOr cease your quest of love?#LBSFORGOLDking—which I can’t put up with either as a ruler or as a person. This is your punishment: I’ll give you five days to gather together what you need to survive, then on the sixth day you’ll leave this kingdom that hates you. If the day after that you’re found in my kingdom, you die. Now get out of here! I swear by Jupiter I’ll never revoke this punishment.Farewell, King. If this is how you act, it’s clear that freedom has been banished from this kingdom.(to CORDELIA) I hope the gods will protect you, my dear girl, for thinking fairly and speaking correctly. (to REGAN and GONERIL) And you two, I hope your actions carry out your grand promises of love, so that big words can bring big results. Farewell to all of you. I’ll carry on my old life in a new land.Here are the rulers of France and Burgundy, my lord.My lord the ruler of Burgundy, I’ll speak to you first. You’ve been competing with this king for my daughter. What’s the least that you will settle for as a dowry?A dowry is a payment traditionally made to a husband by his father-in-law at the time of marriage.dowry?
