I will have my revenge ere I depart his house.How, my lord, I may be censured, that nature thus gives
way to loyalty, something fears me to think of.
I now perceive it was not altogether your brother’s evil
disposition made him seek his death, but a provoking merit
set awork by a reprovable badness in himself.
How malicious is my fortune, that I must repent to be just!

								(giving CORNWALL a letter) This is the letter which he spoke
of, which approves him an intelligent party to the
advantages of France. O heavens, that this treason were
not, or not I the detector!
Go with me to the duchess.If the matter of this paper be certain, you have mighty
business in hand.
True or false, it hath made thee Earl of Gloucester. Seek out
where thy father is, that he may be ready for our
apprehension.

(aside) If I find him comforting the king, it will stuff his
suspicion more fully.(to CORNWALL)
							
I will persevere in my course of loyalty, though the conflict
be sore between that and my blood.
I will lay trust upon thee, and thou shalt find a dearer father
in my love.
#LBSFORGOLDI’ll get my revenge before I leave this house.I’m afraid to think how I’ll be criticized for letting my natural affection for my father give way to my loyalty to you.Now I realize your brother tried to kill your father not just because your brother is an evil man, but because your father deserved it by being wicked himself.How unlucky am I, having to apologize for doing the right thing! (giving CORNWALL a letter) This is the letter he was talking about, and it confirms he was a spy for France. Oh God, I wish he had never betrayed us, or that I hadn’t been the one to discover his treason.Come with me to see the duchess.If this letter’s right, you’ve got a lot to deal with.Right or not, it’s made you the Earl of Gloucester. Go find your father and let him know we’re going to arrest him.
(to himself) If I catch my father helping the king, he’ll seem even more guily. (to CORNWALL) I’ll do what I must loyally, even though it pains me to take action against my father.I put my trust in you. You’ll see that I’m a better father to you than Gloucester.