And in thy best consideration checkThis hideous rashness. Answer my life my judgment,Thy youngest daughter does not love thee least,Nor are those empty-hearted whose low soundReverbs no hollowness.   Kent, on thy life, no more.My life I never held but as a pawnTo wage against thy enemies, nor fear to lose it,Thy safety being motive.   Out of my sight!See better, Lear, and let me still remainThe true blank of thine eye.   Now, by Apollo—Now, by Apollo, King,Thou swear’st thy gods in vain.O vassal! Miscreant!   Dear sir, forbear!Do, kill thy physician, and the fee bestowUpon thy foul disease. Revoke thy gift,Or whilst I can vent clamor from my throat,I’ll tell thee thou dost evil.Hear me, recreant! On thine allegiance hear me.That thou hast sought to make us break our vows,Which we durst never yet, and with strained prideTo come betwixt our sentence and our power,Which nor our nature nor our place can bear,#LBSFORGOLDHold on to your crown and use your better judgment to rethink this rash decision. On my life I swear to you that your youngest daughter doesn’t love you least. A loud mouth often points to an empty heart, and just because she’s quiet doesn’t mean she’s unloving.Kent, if you want to stay alive, stop talking.I never considered my life as anything more than a chess pawn for you to play off against your enemies. I’m not afraid to lose it if it helps protect you.Get out of my sight!Learn to see better, Lear, and let me stay here where you can look to me for good advice.Now, I swear by Apollo…By Apollo, King, you’re taking the names of the gods in vain.Oh, you lowlife! Scum!Please stop, sir.Sure, kill the doctor who’s trying to cure you and pay your disease. Take back your gift to Albany and Cornwall. If you don’t, then as long as I’m able to speak I’ll keep telling you you’ve done a bad, bad thing.Listen to me, you traitor. You’ll pay the price for trying to make me go back on the vow I made when I bequeathed my kingdom to them. I’ve never broken a vow yet. You tried to make me revise my judgment on my youngest daughter, disrespecting my power as