But the great one that goes up the hill, let
him draw thee after. When a wise man gives thee better
counsel, give me mine again. I would have none but knaves
follow it since a fool gives it.
That sir which serves and seeks for gain,
And follows but for form,
Will pack when it begins to rain
And leave thee in the storm.
But I will tarry. The fool will stay.
And let the wise man fly.
The knave turns fool that runs away;
The fool, no knave, perdie.
Where learned you this, Fool?Not i' th' stocks, fool.Deny to speak with me? They are sick? They are weary?They have traveled all the night?—mere fetches, ay!The images of revolt and flying off.Fetch me a better answer.   My dear lord,You know the fiery quality of the duke,How unremoveable and fixed he isIn his own course.    Vengeance, plague, death, confusion!“Fiery”? What “quality”? Why, Gloucester, Gloucester,I’d speak with the Duke of Cornwall and his wife.Well, my good lord, I have informed them so.#LBSFORGOLD
								But if you see a wheel going uphill, latch on for the ride. And when a wise man gives
								you better advice than I just did, give me my advice back again. I only want idiots
								following my advice, the advice of a fool.The gentleman who serves you only for profitAnd is only superficially loyal to youWill take off when it starts to rainAnd leave you alone in the storm.But I’ll linger. The fool will stay.And let the wise man run away.The servant who runs away is a fool.But this fool is no scoundrel, by God.Where did you learn that song, Fool?Not in the stocks, fool.How can they refuse to speak with me? How can they say that they’re sick or exhausted or that they havetraveled all night!? They’re playing with me. These are tricks. This is rebellion. Go ask them again and make them see me this time.My dear lord, you know how passionately stubborn the duke is. He never changes his mind.Hell! Damn it all to hell! “Passionately”? What “passion”? Gloucester, Gloucester, I want to speak with the Duke of Cornwall and his wife.My lord, I informed them as much.