Winter’s not gone yet, if the wild geese fly that way.
Fathers that wear rags
Do make their children blind.
But fathers that bear bags
Shall see their children kind.
Fortune, that arrant whore,
Ne'er turns the key to th' poor.
But for all this thou shalt have as many dolors for thy daughters as thou canst tell in a year.
O, how this mother swells up toward my heart!Hysterica passio, down, thou climbing sorrow.Thy element’s below.—Where is this daughter?With the earl, sir, here within.Follow me not. Stay here.Made you no more offense but what you speak of?None.How chance the king comes with so small a train?An thou hadst been set i' th' stocks for that question,
thou’dst well deserved it.
Why, Fool?We’ll set thee to school to an ant to teach thee there’s no
laboring i' th' winter. All that follow their noses are led by
their eyes but blind men, and there’s not a nose among
twenty but can smell him that’s stinking. Let go thy hold
when a great wheel runs down a hill, lest it break thy neck with following it. 
#LBSFORGOLDThis story bodes more stormy weather.Fathers who wear ragsMake their children neglect them.But fathers who are richMake their children kind.Lady Luck is a fickle whoreAnd never gives the poor a break.But despite all this, your daughters will give you a lot of money—or do I mean pain?—in the coming year.I’m getting hysterical. I feel my stomach squeezing up against my heart. Calm down, you belong lower down!—Where is this daughter of mine?Inside, sir, with the earl.Don’t follow me. Stay here.You didn’t do anything else to earn this punishment?Nothing. Tell me, why did the king arrive with such a small entourage?If they’d put you in the stocks for asking that question, you would’ve deserved it.Why, Fool?You need to learn what ants know well about winter—there’s no point in slaving away
								if there’s no hope for profit. Serving the king will get you nowhere. Everyone can
								see that, and even blind men can smell the stench of his misery now.
								When you see a huge wheel rolling down a hill, you shouldn’t try to hold on to it or it’ll break your neck.