Hound or spaniel, brach or him,
Bobtail tyke or trundle-tail—
Tom will make them weep and wail.
For with throwing thus my head,
Dogs leap the hatch, and all are fled.
Be thy mouth or black or white,
Do-de, de-de. Cessez! Come, march to wakes and fairs and
market towns. Poor Tom, thy horn is dry.
Then let them anatomize Regan. See what breeds about her
heart. Is there any cause in nature that makes these hard
hearts? (to EDGAR) You, sir, I entertain you for one of my
hundred. Only I do not like the fashion of your garments.
You will say they are Persian attire, but let them be
changed.
Now, good my lord, lie here and rest awhile.Make no noise, make no noise. Draw the curtains—so, so,
						so. We’ll go to supper i' th' morning. So, so, so. 
(sleeps)
And I’ll go to bed at noon.
(to KENT) Come hither, friend. Where is the king my
master?
Here, sir, but trouble him not. His wits are gone.Good friend, I prithee, take him in thy arms.I have o'erheard a plot of death upon him.#LBSFORGOLDHound or spaniel, bitch or dog,Whether your tail is short or curly—Tom will make you cry and wail.With one little toss of his head,He can scare you off for good.Whether your mouth is black or white,Do-dee, dee-dee da. Stop! Run off, go visit fairs and festivals! Poor Tom, your cup is empty.Now let them dissect Regan and her hard heart. Is there any natural cause for hardening of the heart? (to EDGAR) Sir, you can serve me as one of my hundred knights. But I don’t like your style of clothes. I’m sure you’ll tell me they’re fabulous, but I think you should change them anyway.Please lie down and rest a while, my lord.Be quiet, be quiet. Draw the curtains, just like that. We’ll have supper in the morning. That’s right.
(he falls asleep)
And I’ll go to bed at noon.
(to KENT) Come here, my friend. Where’s my master the king?He’s here, sir, but please don’t bother him. He’s out of his right mind.Please get him, my friend, I beg you. I’ve overheard people plotting to kill him. I have a carriage ready. Put