Made you my guardians, my depositaries,But kept a reservation to be followedWith such a number. What, must I come to youWith five and twenty, Regan? Said you so?And speak ’t again, my lord. No more with me.Those wicked creatures yet do look well favoredWhen others are more wicked. Not being the worstStands in some rank of praise.
(to GONERIL) I’ll go with thee.Thy fifty yet doth double five and twenty,And thou art twice her love.   Hear me, my lord.What need you five and twenty, ten, or fiveTo follow in a house where twice so manyHave a command to tend you?     What need one?O, reason not the need! Our basest beggarsAre in the poorest thing superfluous.Allow not nature more than nature needs,Man’s life’s as cheap as beast’s. Thou art a lady.If only to go warm were gorgeous,Why, nature needs not what thou gorgeous wear’st,Which scarcely keeps thee warm. But, for true need—You heavens, give me that patience, patience I need.You see me here, you gods, a poor old man,As full of grief as age, wretched in both.If it be you that stir these daughters' heartsAgainst their father, fool me not so muchTo bear it tamely. Touch me with noble anger.And let not women’s weapons, water drops,Stain my man’s cheeks! No, you unnatural hags,#LBSFORGOLDI made you de facto rulers of my kingdom on condition that I could keep a hundred knights of my own. Why should I now have to make do with only twenty-five? Regan, is that what you said?Yes, I’ll say it again, my lord. No more than twenty-five.Bad people start to look better in comparison with worse people. Not being the worst daughter deserves some praise, I guess. (to GONERIL) I’ll go stay with you, then. Your fifty is twice her twenty-five, so you must love me twice as much as she does.Hear me out, my lord. Why do you need twenty-five knights, or ten, or even five, when you’re staying in a house with a staff of double that at your service?Why do you need even one?Oh, don’t ask me why I “need” them! Even the poorest beggars have some meager possessions they don’t really “need.” If you allow people no more than what they absolutely need to survive, then a human life is no better than an animal’s. You’re a well-dressed lady. If you dressed only to stay warm, you wouldn’t need these gorgeous clothes you’re wearing—which don’t keep you warm at all. If you want to talk about true needs, what I really need is patience. Oh, gods, give me patience! You see me here, gods, a grieving old man, as wretched in his grief as he is in his old age. If you’re the ones setting my daughters against me, don’t let me be foolish enough to take it lying down. Give me noble anger, and don’t let any womanly tears fall down my