   This is some fellow,Who, having been praised for bluntness, doth affectA saucy roughness and constrains the garbQuite from his nature. He cannot flatter, he.An honest mind and plain, he must speak truth.An they will take it, so. If not, he’s plain.These kind of knaves I know, which in this plainnessHarbor more craft and more corrupter endsThan twenty silly-ducking observantsThat stretch their duties nicely.Sir, in good faith, or in sincere verity,Under th' allowance of your great aspect,Whose influence, like the wreath of radiant fireOn flickering Phoebus' front—     What mean’st by this?To go out of my dialect, which you discommend so much.
I know, sir, I am no flatterer. He that beguiled you in a plain
accent was a plain knave, which for my part I will not be,
though I should win your displeasure to entreat me to ’t.

(to OSWALD) What was th' offense you gave him?     I never gave him any.It pleased the king his master very lateTo strike at me upon his misconstructionWhen he, conjunct and flattering his displeasure,Tripped me behind; being down, insulted, railed,And put upon him such a deal of manThat worthied him, got praises of the kingFor him attempting who was self-subdued.And in the fleshment of this dread exploitDrew on me here again.#LBSFORGOLDThis is a guy who’s been praised for his honest bluntness, and who now insolently pretends to be plainspoken and twists the natural meanings of words. No flattery for him, no sir! He’s honest, he’s got to speak the truth. If people take what he says, fine. If not, he’s got truth on his side! I know his type. He’s sneaky behind all his so-called bluntness, sneakier than twenty brown-nosing bootlickers who only tell you what you want to hear.Dearest, kindest, most honorable sir, may I say, with your esteemed approval, which is lit up by the illuminating radiance of the sun-god Phoebus, that—What do you mean by that?I tried to stop speaking plainly, since you dislike plain speech so much. Sir, I know I’m not a flatterer. The guy who tricked you with plain language was just a plain crook—which I’m not, however much I may displease you by not being one.
(to OSWALD) How did you offend him?I never offended him at all. Recently, the king hit me because of a misunderstanding. This man took sides with the king and tripped me. When I was down on the ground he insulted me, and then started acting tough to seem courageous in front of the king. The king praised him, even though I had never offered any resistance at all. Now he pulled out his sword on me again, still riled up from our first encounter.