     Most royal majesty,I crave no more than hath your highness offered.Nor will you tender less.   Right noble Burgundy,When she was dear to us we did hold her so,But now her price is fallen. Sir, there she stands.If aught within that little seeming substance,Or all of it, with our displeasure piecedAnd nothing more, may fitly like your grace,She’s there, and she is yours.   I know no answer.Sir, will you, with those infirmities she owes—Unfriended, new adopted to our hate,Dowered with our curse and strangered with our oath—Take her or leave her?   Pardon me, royal sir.Election makes not up in such conditions.Then leave her, sir, for by the power that made me,I tell you all her wealth.
(to FRANCE)   For you, great King,I would not from your love make such a strayTo match you where I hate. Therefore beseech youT' avert your liking a more worthier wayThan on a wretch whom Nature is ashamedAlmost t' acknowledge hers.     This is most strange,That she that even but now was your best object—The argument of your praise, balm of your age,Most best, most dearest—should in this trice of time#LBSFORGOLDYour highness, I want nothing more than what you’ve already offered. I know you’ll offer nothing less than that.Burgundy, I valued her highly when I cared about her. But now her price has fallen. There she is, over there. If there’s anything you like about that worthless little thing, then go for it. She’s all yours. But what you see is what you get—her only dowry is my disapproval. There she is.I don’t know what to say.She’s got big flaws. She has no friends or protectors. I no longer love her. Her only dowry is my curse and banishment. So do you take her or leave her?I’m sorry, sir, but nobody can make a choice like this in such circumstances.Then leave her, sir. I swear to God she’s not worth anything more than what I told you. (to FRANCE) And as for you, great King of France, I’d never insult our friendship by encouraging you to marry a girl I hate. So I beg you to look around for a better match than this wretched creature that you can barely call human.This is very odd. Until very recently she was your favorite, the object of all your praise and the delight of your old age. It’s strange that someone so dear to you could do anything so horrible as to warrant this sudden