He’s mad that trusts in the tameness of a wolf, a horse’s
health, a boy’s love, or a whore’s oath.
It shall be done. I will arraign them straight.
(to EDGAR) Come, sit thou here, most learnèd justicer.
(to FOOL)
Thou, sapient sir, sit here.—Now, you she-foxes—Look, where he stands and glares!—Want’st thou eyes at
trial, madam?

								
(sings)

Come o'er the bourn, Bessy, to me—

(sings)

Her boat hath a leak,

And she must not speak

Why she dares not come over to thee.
The foul fiend haunts Poor Tom in the voice of a
nightingale. Hoppedance cries in Tom’s belly for two white
herring. Croak not, black angel. I have no food for thee.

(to LEAR) How do you, sir? Stand you not so amazed.Will you lie down and rest upon the cushions?I’ll see their trial first. Bring in the evidence.
(to EDGAR) Thou robèd man of justice, take thy place.
(to FOOL) And thou, his yoke-fellow of equity,Bench by his side.
(to KENT)
   You are o' th' commission.Sit you too.Let us deal justly.#LBSFORGOLDYou’ve got to be crazy to trust a wolf that pretends to be tame, a horse that seems healthy, a teenager in love, or a whore who swears she’ll be faithful.I’ll do it. I’ll put them on trialLear begins a mock trial of Goneril and Regan.trial right now. (to EDGAR) Come sit here, our able judge. (to FOOL) And you sit here, wise sir.—Now, you she-foxes—There he is, standing and glaring at me!—Hey, lady, can’t you see how the judge is?
(sings)

Come over the stream to me, dear Bessy—

(sings)

She’s getting her period,

And she won’t tell you

Why she won’t come see you.
The devil sings like a nightingale to haunt Poor Tom. The demon Hoppedance is in Tom’s belly, crying for some fish to eat. Stop whining, devil. I’ve got no food to give you.
(to LEAR) How are you, sir? Please don’t stand there in a daze. Wouldn’t you like to lie down on the pillows?No, I want to see their trial first. Let’s have the evidence. (to EDGAR) Take your place, honorable judge. (to FOOL) And you, his fellow justice of the peace, sit next to him. (to KENT) You can also be a judge. Sit down as well.Let’s give a fair verdict.