I thought the king had more affected the Duke of Albany
than Cornwall.
It did always seem so to us. But now in the division of the
kingdom, it appears not which of the dukes he values most,
for equalities are so weighed that curiosity in neither can
make choice of either’s moiety.

(indicating EDMUND) Is not this your son, my lord?His breeding, sir, hath been at my charge. I have so
often blushed to acknowledge him that now I am brazed
to it.
I cannot conceive you.Sir, this young fellow’s mother could, whereupon she
grew round-wombed, and had indeed, sir, a son for her
cradle ere she had a husband for her bed. Do you smell
a fault?
I cannot wish the fault undone, the issue of it being so
proper.
But I have, sir, a son by order of law, some year older than
this, who yet is no dearer in my account. Though this knave
came something saucily to the world before he was sent for,
yet was his mother fair, there was good sport at his making,
and the whoreson must be acknowledged.—Do you know
this noble gentleman, Edmund?
#LBSFORGOLDI thought the king preferred the Duke of Albany to the Duke of Cornwall.We used to think so too. But the way he’s divided the kingdom recently, nobody can tell which of the dukes he favors more. He’s split the kingdom so evenly that it’s impossible to see any indication of favoritism.
(pointing to EDMUND) Isn’t this your son, my lord?Yes, I’ve been responsible for his upbringing. I’ve had to acknowledge that he’s my son so many times that now I can do it without embarrassment.I can’t conceive of what you mean.You can’t conceive? Well, this guy’s mother could conceive him all to well. She grew a big belly and had a baby for her crib before she had a husband for her bed. Do you smell something naughty?Well, I wouldn’t want to undo the naughtiness, since the boy turned out so well.But I have a legitimate son a few years older than this one, and I don’t love him any more than I love my bastard. Edmund may have snuck into the world a little before his time, but his mother was pretty, we had a fun time making him, and now I have to acknowledge the guy as my son.—Do you know this gentleman, Edmund?