Behold yond simpering dame, whose face between her
forks presages snow, that minces virtue and does shake the
head to hear of pleasure’s name. The fitchew, nor the soiled
horse, goes to ’t with a more riotous appetite. Down from
the waist they are centaurs, though women all above. But to
the girdle do the gods inherit; beneath is all the fiends'.
There’s hell, there’s darkness, there’s the sulfurous pit—
burning, scalding, stench, consumption! Fie, fie, fie, pah,
pah!—Give me an ounce of civet, good apothecary, to
sweeten my imagination. There’s money for thee.
O, let me kiss that hand!Let me wipe it first. It smells of mortality.O ruined piece of nature! This great worldShall so wear out to naught. Dost thou know me?I remember thine eyes well enough. Dost thou squiny at
me? No, do thy worst, blind Cupid. I’ll not love. Read thou
this challenge. Mark but the penning of it.
Were all thy letters suns, I could not see one.
(aside) I would not take this from report. It is,And my heart breaks at it.Read.What, with the case of eyes?Oh ho, are you there with me? No eyes in your head, nor no
money in your purse? Your eyes are in a heavy case, your
purse in a light. Yet you see how this world goes.
#LBSFORGOLDfrigid. She pretends to be virtuous and to disdain the word “sex, but she’s hornier than a passel of rabbits. Women are sex machines below the waist, though they’re chaste up above. Above the waist they belong to God, but the lower part belongs to the devil. That’s where hell is, and darkness, and fires and stench! Death and orgasm! Ah, ah, ah! Give me an aphrodisiac, pharmacist. Let me have sweet dreams. There’s money in it for you.Oh, let me kiss his hand!Let me wipe it off first. It stinks of death.A ruined man! This is how the whole world will end up, worn away to nothing.—Do you know who I am?I remember your eyes quite well. Are you squinting at me? Go ahead, try to make me fall in love, blind CupidCupid is the blind Greek god of love. He shoots arrows at people to make them fall in love.Cupid. I won’t ever love again. Read this letter. Just look at the handwriting.If every letter on that page were a sun, I couldn’t see even one of them.
(to himself) I wouldn’t believe this if I weren’t seeing it with my own eyes. It’s real, and it breaks my heart.Read it.How? With my eye sockets?Oh ho, is that what you’re getting at? You want money before you’ll read? No eyes in your head til there’s money in your wallet? Your eyes are in a bad way, your wallet’s empty, but you understand the ways of the world.