Nothing. I have sworn. I am firm.
(to CORDELIA) I am sorry then. You have so lost a fatherThat you must lose a husband.Peace be with Burgundy.Since that respects and fortunes are his love,I shall not be his wife.Fairest Cordelia, that art most rich being poor,Most choice forsaken, and most loved despised!Thee and thy virtues here I seize upon,Be it lawful I take up what’s cast away.Gods, gods! 'Tis strange that from their cold’st neglectMy love should kindle to inflamed respect.—Thy dowerless daughter, King, thrown to my chance,Is queen of us, of ours, and our fair France.Not all the dukes of waterish BurgundyCan buy this unprized precious maid of me.—Bid them farewell, Cordelia, though unkind.Thou losest here, a better where to find.Thou hast her, France. Let her be thine, for weHave no such daughter, nor shall ever seeThat face of hers again. (to CORDELIA) Therefore be goneWithout our grace, our love, our benison.—Come, noble Burgundy.Bid farewell to your sisters.#LBSFORGOLDNo, I’ll give nothing. I won’t budge on that.
(to CORDELIA) In that case, I’m sorry you have to lose me as a husband because you lost the king as a father.Peace to you, my lord of Burgundy. Since you love money and power so much, I won’t be your wife.Beautiful Cordelia, you’re all the richer now that you’re poor. You’re more valuable now that you’re rejected and more loved now that you’re hated.I’ll take you and your wonderful virtues here and now, if it’s okay that I’m picking up what others have thrown away. It’s so strange that in neglecting you so cruelly, the gods have made me love you so dearly.—King, the daughter you’ve rejected is now mine, as Queen of France. No Duke of spineless Burgundy can take this treasure of a girl from me now.—Say goodbye to them, Cordelia, even though they’ve been unkind to you. You’ll find a much better place in France than what you’re giving up here.She’s yours, King of France. Take her. She’s no longer my daughter, and I’ll never see her face again. (to CORDELIA) So get out of here. Leave without any blessing or love from me.—Come with me, Burgundy.Say goodbye to your sisters.