   This is above all strangeness.Upon the crown o' th' cliff, what thing was thatWhich parted from you?   A poor unfortunate beggar.As I stood here below, methought his eyesWere two full moons. He had a thousand noses,Horns whelked and waved like the enragèd sea.It was some fiend. Therefore, thou happy father,Think that the clearest gods, who make them honorsOf men’s impossibilities, have preserved thee.I do remember now. Henceforth I’ll bearAffliction till it do cry out itself,“Enough, enough,” and die. That thing you speak of,I took it for a man. Often ’twould say,“The fiend, the fiend!” He led me to that place.Bear free and patient thoughts.     But who comes here?The safer sense will ne'er accommodateHis master thus.No, they cannot touch me for coining. I am the king himself.
(aside) O thou side-piercing sight!Nature’s above art in that respect. There’s your press-
money. That fellow handles his bow like a crowkeeper.
Draw me a clothier’s yard. Look, look, a mouse! Peace,
#LBSFORGOLDThis is beyond weird. What was that thing I saw moving away from you up on the cliff before you fell?That was a poor unlucky beggar.From down here, I thought his eyes looked like full moons. He had a thousand noses and twisted horns, like wave crests in a storm at sea. It was some devil. You lucky old man, it seems that the gods have saved your life. They love to perform miracles so that humans will worship them.I understand now. From now on I’ll put up with my anguish until the anguish itself cries out, “Enough, enough!” and disappears. I thought that thing you’re talking about was a man. It would often talk about the devil. It took me to that deadly place.Cheer up and be at peace.But who is that? A sane person would never dress like this.No, they can’t accuse me of counterfeiting coins. I’m the king himself.
(to himself) Oh, what a heartbreaking sight!Life’s better at 
							breaking heartsLear’s insane speeches are full of non sequiturs and difficult to follow.breaking hearts than art is.—Hey, a new recruit. Here’s your enlistment bonus.—Look how awkwardly he handles his crossbow.—Come on, pull it back farther!—Look, look, a mouse! Calm down, this