   Gone, sir. Farewell.
(aside) And yet I know not how conceit may robThe treasury of life when life itselfYields to the theft. Had he been where he thought,By this had thought been past. Alive or dead?—Ho you, sir, friend! Hear you, sir? Speak.—Thus might he pass indeed. Yet he revives.—What are you, sir?   Away, and let me die.Hadst thou been aught but gossamer, feathers, air,So many fathom down precipitating,Thou’dst shivered like an egg. But thou dost breathe,Hast heavy substance, bleed’st not, speak’st, art sound.Ten masts at each make not the altitudeWhich thou hast perpendicularly fell.Thy life’s a miracle. Speak yet again.But have I fall'n, or no?From the dread summit of this chalky bourn.Look up a-height. The shrill-gorged lark so farCannot be seen or heard. Do but look up.Alack, I have no eyes.Is wretchedness deprived that benefit,To end itself by death? 'Twas yet some comfortWhen misery could beguile the tyrant’s rageAnd frustrate his proud will.   Give me your arm.Up so. How is ’t? Feel you your legs? You stand.Too well, too well.#LBSFORGOLDGone, sir. Goodbye. (to himself) But I still wonder if it’s possible for his own imagination to kill him, since he’s so willing to die. If he’d been standing on the edge of the cliff as he thought, he’d be dead right now. Is he alive or dead?—Hey, sir, friend! Can you hear me? Answer me.—Maybe he passed away after all. But no, he’s stirring.—Who are you, sir?Go away and let me die.Even if you were made of feathers and air, you should’ve been smashed in pieces like an egg after falling as far as you just did. But your flesh is solid, your mind is strong, you’re breathing and talking, you’re not bleeding. You just fell the height of ten ship masts, straight down. It’s a miracle you’re alive. Say something again.But did I fall or not?You fell from the terrifying top of this chalk cliff. Look for yourself—see the top of the cliff way up there? The lark shrilly singing up there is too far away to be heard. Just look.I can’t. I have no eyes. If you’re wretched and desperate, aren’t you allowed to kill yourself? It used to be the last ditch comfort of miserable people.Give me your arm. Get up. There you go. How do you feel? Can you feel your legs? You’re standing.Only too well.