The jewels of our father, with washed eyesCordelia leaves you. I know you what you are,And like a sister am most loath to callYour faults as they are named. Love well our father.To your professèd bosoms I commit him.But yet, alas, stood I within his grace,I would prefer him to a better place.So farewell to you both.Prescribe not us our duty.   Let your studyBe to content your lord, who hath received youAt fortune’s alms. You have obedience scanted,And well are worth the want that you have wanted.Time shall unfold what plighted cunning hides,Who covers faults at last with shame derides.Well may you prosper.Come, my fair Cordelia.Sister, it is not a little I have to say of what most nearly
appertains to us both. I think our father will hence tonight.
That’s most certain, and with you. Next month with us.You see how full of changes his age is. The observation we
have made of it hath not been little. He always loved our
sister most, and with what poor judgment he hath now cast
her off appears too grossly.
#LBSFORGOLDSisters, you whom our father loves so dearly, I leave you now with tears in my eyes. I know you for what you really are, but as your sister I’m reluctant to criticize you. Take good care of our father and show him the love that you have professed. I leave him in your care—but oh, if only I were still in his favor I could arrange for better care for him. Goodbye to you both.Don’t tell us what our duty is.You should focus instead on pleasing your husband, who’s taken you in as an act of charity. You’ve failed to obey your father and you deserve to be deprived of everything that’s been taken away from you.Time will tell what you’ve got up your sleeve. You can be deceitful in the short term, but eventually truth will come out. Have a good life.Come with me, my dear Cordelia.Sister, I have a lot to say about things that concern us both. I think that our father will leave here tonight.Yes, I’m sure he will—to stay with you. Next month he’ll stay with us.He’s so flighty in his old age, as we keep noticing. He has always loved Cordelia best, and his bad judgment in disowning her now is obvious.