peace, this piece of toasted cheese will do ’t. There’s my
gauntlet. I’ll prove it on a giant. Bring up the brown bills.
O, well flown, bird. I' th' clout, i' th' clout. Hewgh! Give
the word.
Sweet marjoram.Pass.I know that voice.Ha! Goneril with a white beard? Ha, Regan? They flattered
me like a dog and told me I had white hairs in my beard ere
the black ones were there. To say “Ay” and “No” to
everything that I said “Ay” and “No” to was no good
divinity. When the rain came to wet me once, and the wind
to make me chatter, when the thunder would not peace at
my bidding—there I found 'em, there I smelt 'em out. Go
to, they are not men o' their words. They told me I was
everything. 'Tis a lie, I am not ague-proof.
The trick of that voice I do well remember.Is ’t not the king?   Ay, every inch a king.
When I do stare, see how the subject quakes.
I pardon that man’s life. What was thy cause?
Adultery? Thou shalt not die. Die for adultery? No. The
wren goes to ’t, and the small gilded fly does lecher in my
sight. Let copulation thrive, for Gloucester’s bastard son
Was kinder to his father than my daughters got ’tween the
lawful sheets. To ’t, luxury, pell-mell—for I lack soldiers.
#LBSFORGOLDpiece of cheese will get him.—I challenge you to a match. I’ll even fight a giant.—Call out the infantry. —Oh, that arrow was well shot. Whoosh! Right in the bull’s eye.–—What’s the password?Sweet marjoram.That’s it!I know that voice.Ha! Goneril with a white beard? Ha, Regan?—They flattered me and told me how wise I was, wise before my time. To agree to everything I said was not truly devout.—The rain came to drench me, and the wind to make me shiver, and the thunder wouldn’t stop roaring when I ordered it to. That’s when I learned the truth about them. That’s when I sniffed them out. I tell you, they are not honest men. They told me I was everything. It’s a lie. I’m not immune to chills.I recognize something about that voice. Isn’t that the king?Yes, every inch a king. My subjects tremble when I look at them. I pardon that man. What are you accused of? Adultery? I’ll commute your death sentence. To die for adultery? No. Little birds do it, and dragonflies copulate right in front of me. Let’s have more sex in the world, since Gloucester’s bastard son was kinder to him than my daughters, conceived in lawful wedlock, have been to me. Get to it, be lustful, sleep around—I need soldiers for my army. Look at that simpering lady over there. From looking at her face, I’d say she’s