   I may not, madam.My lady charged my duty in this business.Why should she write to Edmund? Might not youTransport her purposes by word? BelikeSome things—I know not what. I’ll love thee much.Let me unseal the letter.   Madam, I had rather—I know your lady does not love her husband.I am sure of that. And at her late being hereShe gave strange oeillades and most speaking looksTo noble Edmund. I know you are of her bosom.I, madam?I speak in understanding. Y' are. I know ’t.Therefore I do advise you, take this note.My lord is dead. Edmund and I have talked,And more convenient is he for my handThan for your lady’s. You may gather more.If you do find him, pray you give him this.And when your mistress hears thus much from you,I pray desire her call her wisdom to her.So fare you well.If you do chance to hear of that blind traitor,Preferment falls on him that cuts him off.Would I could meet him, madam, I should showWhat party I do follow.   Fare thee well.#LBSFORGOLDI can’t, ma'am. My lady ordered me to deliver her letter.Why would she write to Edmund? Couldn’t you just deliver the message orally? It probably has something to do with… I don’t know. I’ll be so grateful to you if you let me open that letter.Ma'am, I’d rather—I know your lady Goneril doesn’t love her husband. I’m sure of that. And when she was here recently she flirted with Edmund and gave him significant glances. I know she trusts you and tells you everything.Me, ma'am?I know what I’m talking about. You’re close to her, I know it. So I recommend you take note of what I’m about to say. My husband is dead. Edmund and I have talked, and it makes more sense for him to marry me than Goneril. You can figure out the rest. If you find him, please giveRegan probably hands something to Oswald here, such as a letter or a love token.give him this. And when your mistress hears about all this, please tell her to use her head next time. So goodbye. If you happen to hear anything about that blind traitor Gloucester, I’ll reward anyone who snuffs him out.If I could run into him, ma'am, I’d prove which side I’m on.Goodbye.