Both stile and gate, horseway and footpath. Poor Tom hath
been scared out of his good wits. Bless thee, goodman’s son,
from the foul fiend! Five fiends have been in poor Tom at
once: of lust, as Obidicut; Hobbididence, prince of
dumbness; Mahu, of stealing; Modo, of murder;
Flibbertigibbet, of mopping and mowing, who since
possesses chambermaids and waiting-women. So bless
thee, master.

(giving EDGAR a purse)
Here, take this purse, thou whom the heavens' plaguesHave humbled to all strokes. That I am wretchedMakes thee the happier. Heavens, deal so still.Let the superfluous and lust-dieted man,That slaves your ordinance, that will not seeBecause he doth not feel, feel your power quickly.So distribution should undo excess,And each man have enough. Dost thou know Dover?Ay, master.There is a cliff, whose high and bending headLooks fearfully in the confinèd deep.Bring me but to the very brim of it,And I’ll repair the misery thou dost bearWith something rich about me. From that placeI shall no leading need.Give me thy arm.Poor Tom shall lead thee.#LBSFORGOLDI know it like the back of my hand, every step of the way. Poor Tom has been scared out of his mind. Bless you, good man, and stay away from the devil. Five devils haunted Poor Tom at the same time: Obidicut, the devil of lust; Hobbididence, the devil of mutes; Mahu, the devil of stealing; Modo, the devil of murder; and Flibbertigibbet, the devil of mockery, who causes chambermaids to make silly faces. Bless you, master.
(giving EDGAR a purse) Here, take some money. The torments of heaven have brought you down to this humble state. My misery makes you more fortunate in comparison. It should always work like that. The spoiled man who has everything, who can’t see the misery around him because he doesn’t feel it himself, should be made to feel agony so he can learn to share his wealth. That way wealth would be redistributed until everyone has enough to survive. Are you familiar with Dover?Yes, sir.There’s a cliff there that leans precariously over the deep sea. Take me to the edge of it, and I’ll reward all your troubles with something valuable. Once I’m there, I won’t need a guide anymore.Give me your arm. Poor Tom will take you there.