How now, brother Edmund? What serious contemplation
are you in?
I am thinking, brother, of a prediction I read this other day,
what should follow these eclipses.
Do you busy yourself about that?I promise you, the effects he writes of succeed unhappily —
as of unnaturalness between the child and the parent,
death, dearth, dissolutions of ancient amities, divisions in
state, menaces and maledictions against king and nobles,
needless diffidences, banishment of friends, dissipation of
cohorts, nuptial breaches, and I know not what.
How long have you been a sectary astronomical?Come, come. When saw you my father last?Why, the night gone by.Spake you with him?Ay, two hours together.Parted you in good terms? Found you no displeasure in him
by word or countenance?
None at all.Bethink yourself wherein you may have offended him. And
at my entreaty forbear his presence till some little time hath
qualified the heat of his displeasure, which at this instant so
rageth in him that with the mischief of your person it would
scarcely allay.
#LBSFORGOLDHello, brother Edmund. What are you thinking about so seriously?I was thinking about what an astrologer predicted the other day. He wrote about what these eclipses mean.Are you spending your valuable time on that?Oh, I assure you the things he writes about are wretched —things like divisions between parents and children, death, famine, broken friendships, political rebellion, treason against the king and noblemen, exiled friends, dissolved armies, adultery, and I don’t know what else.How long have you believed in astrology?Come on. When was the last time you saw my father?Why, last night.Did you speak to him?Yes, we talked for a couple of hours.Did you leave on good terms? Did he express any dissatisfaction with you, either in his words or his face?No, none at all.Try to remember how you might have offended him, and try to avoid spending time with him until his anger has cooled a little. Right now he’s so angry that even if he harmed you physically, he’d still be raging.