
(pocketing the letter) So please your lordship, none.Why so earnestly seek you to put up that letter?I know no news, my lord.What paper were you reading?Nothing, my lord.No? What needed, then, that terrible dispatch of it into
your pocket? The quality of nothing hath not such need to
hide itself. Let’s see.—Come, if it be nothing, I shall not
need spectacles.
I beseech you, sir, pardon me. It is a letter from my brother
that I have not all o'er-read. And for so much as I have
perused, I find it not fit for your o'erlooking.
Give me the letter, sir.I shall offend, either to detain or give it. The contents, as in
part I understand them, are to blame.

(taking the letter) Let’s see, let’s see.I hope, for my brother’s justification, he wrote this but as an
essay or taste of my virtue.

(reads)
							
“This policy and reverence of age makes the world
bitter to the best of our times, keeps our fortunes from
us till our oldness cannot relish them. I begin to find
an idle and fond bondage in the oppression of aged
tyranny, who sways not as it hath power but as it is suffered. 
#LBSFORGOLD
(pocketing the letter) No news, my lord.Why are you hiding that letter?I don’t have any news to report, my lord.What’s that paper you were reading?It’s nothing, my lord.No? Then why did you have to stick it in your pocket in such a hurry? If it were nothing, you wouldn’t need to hide it. Let’s see it. Come on, if it’s nothing, I won’t need glasses to read it.Please, sir, I beg you. It’s a letter from my brother that I haven’t finished reading yet. But judging from the bit I have read, it’s not fit for you to see.Give me that letter, sir.Now I’ll offend you whether I give it to you or not. The problem is in what the letter says, as far as I can tell.
(taking the letter) Let’s see, let’s see.I hope for my brother’s sake that he just wrote it to test my honor.
(reads)
“The custom of respecting the elderly makes it hard
								for the young and healthy to live well, and keeps us without
								our inheritance until we are so old we can’t enjoy
								our happiness anyway. The power of the elderly is starting to feel
								like a silly and foolish slavery to me, and they only enjoy that
								power because we let them have it. 