brutish! Go, sirrah, seek him. I’ll apprehend him.
Abominable villain! Where is he?
I do not well know, my lord. If it shall please you to
suspend your indignation against my brother till you can
derive from him better testimony of his intent, you shall
run a certain course—where if you violently proceed
against him, mistaking his purpose, it would make a great
gap in your own honor and shake in pieces the heart of his
obedience. I dare pawn down my life for him that he hath
wrote this to feel my affection to your honor and to no other
pretense of danger.
Think you so?If your honor judge it meet, I will place you where you shall
hear us confer of this and by an auricular assurance have
your satisfaction—and that without any further delay than
this very evening.
He cannot be such a monster—Nor is not, sure.To his father, that so tenderly and entirely loves him.
Heaven and earth! Edmund, seek him out, wind me into
him, I pray you. Frame the business after your own
wisdom. I would unstate myself to be in a due resolution.
I will seek him, sir, presently, convey the business as I shall
find means, and acquaint you withal.
These late eclipses in the sun and moon portend no good to
us. Though the wisdom of nature can reason it thus and
thus, yet nature finds itself scourged by the sequent effects.
Love cools, friendship falls off, brothers divide, in cities
#LBSFORGOLD than a beast! Go look for him. I’ll arrest him. Horrid villain! Where is he?I’m not sure, my lord. But it may be a good idea to restrain your rage until you find out exactly what he meant. If you go after him and then find out that you made a mistake, it would damage your reputation and greatly undermine his loyalty to you. I’ll bet my life that he only wrote this letter to gauge my love for you, and for no other reason.Do you think so?If you agree, I’ll hide you somewhere where you can eavesdrop on us talking about it, and hear how he feels with your own ears. You won’t have to wait longer than until tonight.He can’t possibly be such a monster—And I’m sure he isn’t.—toward his own father who loves him so completely. Oh, God! Edmund, go find him. Gain his confidence for me, please. Manage him however you think best. I’d give up my rank and fortune to be free from my doubts.I’ll find him right away, sir, and carry out the business as well as I can. Then I’ll let you know what’s happening.These recent eclipses of the sun and moon don’t bode well for us. Though science can explain them away, disasters still come after eclipses. Love cools off, friendships break up, and brothers become enemies. Riots