Which else were shame, that then necessityWill call discreet proceeding.For you know, nuncle,The hedge-sparrow fed the cuckoo so long,That it’s had it head bit off by it young.So out went the candle and we were left darkling.Are you our daughter?Come, sir,I would you would make use of that good wisdomWhereof I know you are fraught, and put awayThese dispositions that of late transform youFrom what you rightly are.May not an ass know when the cart draws the horse?Whoop, Jug! I love thee.Does any here know me? Why, this is not Lear.Doth Lear walk thus? Speak thus? Where are his eyes?Either his notion weakens, or his discerningsAre lethargied. Ha, sleeping or waking?Sure, ’tis not so.Who is it that can tell me who I am?Lear’s shadow.I would learn that. For by the marksOf sovereignty, knowledge, and reason,I should be false persuaded I had daughters.Which they will make an obedient father.
(to GONERIL) Your name, fair gentlewoman?#LBSFORGOLDwill damage your reputation with them—and under ordinary circumstances it would be unfortunate to have them see you as an ogre. However, this is an extreme situation, and it’s more important to control it than to worry about how you’ll look.You know, uncle,A sparrow once raised a cuckoo in its nestUntil the cuckoo grew up and bit the sparrow’s head off.So the candle went out and now we’re all in the dark.Are you my daughter?Come on, sir. I know you’re very wise, and I wish you would use some of that wisdom to snap out of this mood you’ve been in lately and be your true self again.Even an idiot knows when the normal order has been inverted and the cart is pulling the horse. Whoo-hoo, honey, I love you!Does anyone here know who I am? I’m not Lear. Does Lear walk and talk like this? Where are his eyes? Either his mind is losing its grip or his judgment is screwy.—Hey, am I awake? I don’t think so. Who can tell me who I am?You’re Lear’s shadow.I’d like to find out who I am, since the obvious signs around me wrongly indicate that I’ve got daughters.Daughters who can make you obey them.
(to GONERIL) What’s your name, my dear lady?