I marvel what kin thou and thy daughters are. They’ll have
me whipped for speaking true, thou'lt have me whipped for
lying, and sometimes I am whipped for holding my peace.
I had rather be any kind o' thing than a fool. And yet I
would not be thee, nuncle. Thou hast pared thy wit o' both
sides and left nothing i' th' middle. Here comes one o' the
parings.
How now, daughter? What makes that frontlet on?Methinks you are too much of late i' th' frown.
(to LEAR) Thou wast a pretty fellow when thou hadst no
need to care for her frowning. Now thou art an O without
a figure. I am better than thou art now. I am a fool. Thou art
nothing.

							 (to GONERIL) Yes, forsooth, I will hold my tongue.
So your face bids me, though you say nothing.
Mum, mum,
He that keeps nor crust nor crumb,
Weary of all, shall want some.

								
(indicates LEAR) That’s a shelled peascod.

(to LEAR) Not only, sir, this your all-licensed fool,But other of your insolent retinueDo hourly carp and quarrel, breaking forthIn rank and not-to-be-endurèd riots. Sir,I had thought by making this well known unto youTo have found a safe redress, but now grow fearfulBy what yourself too late have spoke and doneThat you protect this course and put it onBy your allowance—which if you should, the faultWould not ’scape censure, nor the redresses sleepWhich in the tender of a wholesome wealMight in their working do you that offense,#LBSFORGOLDI’m amazed how similar you and your daughters are. They want to whip me for telling the truth, you want to whip me for lying, and sometimes I’m even whipped for keeping quiet. I’d rather be anything besides a fool. And yet I wouldn’t want to be you, uncle. When you gave away pieces of your kingdom, it’s as if you cut off pieces on both sides of your brain and left nothing in the middle. Here comes the owner of one piece.What’s going on, daughter? Why are you frowning like that? I think you’ve been frowning too much recently.
(to LEAR) You were better off when you didn’t have to care whether she frowned or not. Now you’re a big zero, with no digit in front of it to give it value. I’m better than you are—I’m a fool and you’re nothing. 
(to GONERIL) Yes, I promise I’ll shut up. That’s what you’re telling me with that expression on your face, even though you don’t say anything. Mum, mum,The man who gives away his crust and his crumbsWill discover that he needs some crumbs back.
(pointing at LEAR) That guy is an empty pea pod.
(to LEAR) It’s not just your fool here who can say whatever he wants, but your whole obnoxious entourage keeps whining and arguing, bursting out in intolerably vicious riots. Sir, I thought you could put an end to all this if I told you about it. But judging by what you’ve said and done recently, I’m worried that you don’t mind this chaos, and even approve of it. If that’s true, it’s shameful. I realize that restraining your knights